Go to the building that says "343 Sansome" (duh) and walk all the way down to the guard - take a right. There's 6 elevators, press 15th floor.This area is pretty big (compared to 1 Kearny St) - plenty of tables & seating. I went around 12 so it was pretty busy with workers trying to eat lunch.  Gorgeous views, very peaceful. If you don't like being around smokers, this may not be the place for you.It's free...just go and take a look.
I've been wanting to visit the rooftop park for a long time, and I finally got the chance to the other day.I brought my quiche and coffee from a local place nearby and ate it as I looked at Karl the Fog hug the Transamerica Pyramid.  It was a nice way to spend time in-between appointments.And it was great way to view the city from another vantage point.  I saw a building with strange statues, and luckily a tour group passed by explaining why they were there.I can imagine this POPOS being really busy on a warm day.  Luckily for me, it was cold so it was pretty empty and quiet despite all the traffic noise below.
In this busy, noisy, bustling city, sometimes all you need is a little peace and quiet. The hidden gems in San Francisco aka POPOS (privately owned public open spaces) in San Francisco are great for this purpose!Located on the 15th floor of this building, this rooftop deck offers sunshine, many bench seating, cool views of neighboring buildings, and a cool sundial. It is quite a cute little place to eat your lunch or just chill with friends. It does close at 5pm though! And this place isn't opened on the weekends.
As you walk around The City, you might start to realize that there are a bunch of small areas that just seem to be there that are really cool and really beautiful.  Are these SF Parks?  Are these spots exclusively for the people that work at or near these office buildings?  The answer is:  No.  One of the things that might sneak past the more casual observer is the concept of a POPOS.  It's an acronym:  Privately Owned Public Open Space.  Did you know that a certain amount of Downtown development has to include a percentage-contribution to public space and public art?  True story.  As a result, there are 65+ little spots around that meet this criteria.Long story longer...  Yes, you may have heard of 343 Sansome.  This access here is not restricted during the workday.  You are welcome to come here.  You may not have heard of this either.  It's a rooftop deck at on the 15th floor in the thick of the FiDi.  The patio up top is huge.  There are a bunch of trees with circular benches around them on the west side, and a very open space with tables and a center "Mini Obelisk" piece of art.  The views of the urban canyons are pretty striking up here.  You have an up close view of the Transamerica Pyramid.  You can see quite a bit and it's worth coming up here just to check it out so you can come back and really enjoy it.  It's free.  And, it's easy to get to.  If you are in this neck of the woods, it's a great place to get to-go and eat your lunch.  If you are a visitor, especially on a budget, this is something you won't find everywhere.  I would also recommend looking into the POPOS's, because there are more of these.  I aim to get to many many more.  But, this is definitely the coolest so far, despite strong competition.  ... sigh.  Too many cool things to do in SF.
Highly recommend coming here for a quick escape within the city! It's free for public access during the week, so I'm sure the people who work in this area would frequently come here for a quick break or lunch during the day. And as for tourists *like me!*, this rooftop deck gives you a great photo op to snap a pic of the Transamerica Pyramid.Since it's located on the 15th floor, you do get a pretty good view of SF's FiDi (Financial District hehe). Plus, there's also a small rooftop garden that makes a great contrast in this busy downtown part of the city.
Oh, rooftop parks. You know, I was thinking of taking a date here and go around trying to find rooftop parks. But I have to say, Sansome was definitely one of the best rooftop parks in the city in my opinion. This is because I have several things that this place meets:1. This place is mad unknown to the normal eye. You have to actively search for this place. I wouldn't have known where it was, I only did because I had photos to guide me to where it was. Luckily, Yelp came in handy with a ton of photos.2. This park is on a higher level, in my opinion, than the other parks.3. Plenty of seating both in the shade, and not in the shade. You get to have your choice!4. It was pretty empty when I was there, but maybe this place does get packed but I sure didn't see it during lunch time.If I am ever find myself needing to find a place for a date or to eat lunch, this rooftop deck will definitely be a place to eat at.
My secret escape has finally been exposed.You know how you would have that one place that you only take special people to? Or the place that you want to keep alllll to yourself? This is that place for me. It's comforting, enclosed, and high enough to give me a sense of freedom. I love having lunch here or just coming to get away from the hectic rumble of downtown. I hate to expose my sanity station, but yelp has helped me locate it today and I can do nothing more but to share itEnjoy!
Don't be intimated to hop on the elevator to head on up to the 15th floor of the 343 Sansome building for the rooftop deck. It's open to the public as long as you go during building hours (9am to 6pm).It's one of the nicer POPOS (Privately Owned Public Open Spaces) in the area. You can sometimes spot a hummingbird. There's no rats of the sky (pigeons). It's an awesome way to soak in some sun and provide nice views of the city while on lunch break.
I once watched a special on Popos on a local Bay Area program.  No, I'm not talking about the show Cops.  POPOS: Privately Owned Public Open Spaces.  These are all over downtown SF and the majority are on building rooftops.  They are best kept secrets of urban oases sprinkled all over FIDI.  For a nice getaway from the office without having to go too far, these popos are the perfect quick escape on a lunch or break.  343 Sansome (15th floor sun terrace)  has tables, chairs and benches for public use.  It is landscaped nicely where you can feel the tranquility and peace of being momentarily away from the hustle and bustle.  I'm diggin' the popos!
Really mellow rooftop deck with no pigeons and lots of space. There are some small tables to sit at (most popular with the lunch crowd) but also lots of benches around all the potted trees. Today wasn't the sunniest day but there were at least a dozen people eating lunch there - still plenty of room though. From the table side you can see a slice of the bay and straight down Sansome St. From the other side beyond the planters you can see the Transamerica building. Direct sun (if there is any) during lunch - aka it's not in the shadow of the other buildings.You don't need to sign in with security. Just take the elevators right up. No bathrooms.From sf.curbed.com/archives/2… - "The terrace at 343 Sansome Street is one of the FiDi's best kept secrets, and it's also been called downtown's best outdoor lunch spot. It features tables, benches, planters filled with seasonal flowers, and views of a portion of the Bay. More than half of the space's Yelp reviews mention that it's never crowded. The space is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday."
I went to the rooftop for lunch and it was beautiful. Not the tallest skyscraper but it is an amazing view and the garden they have adds a great visual. I would definitely recommend coming here for lunch to get a little stress release from work.
Pretty cool place for lunch. The entrance of the building is not very fancy or conspicuous, so I had to pay attention to the numbers to find this place, but I am so glad I did. Love the height (15 floors!) and being able to munch my lunch while observing the hustle-bustle down below. If you are in need of a quick get-away, this is as good as it gets!
I came with some coworkers around 1pm one afternoon and we had a nice time just getting away from the office and getting some fresh air. At that time, there wasn't too much of a crowd and I think I remember one or two free tables. You could certainly find a spot to have your lunch if you wanted to. It's a shame how much better the view would be without those pesky buildings surrounding it.
Came to this place for the photo opportunities, and just to check out the roof of a building because it sounded pretty cool. Its just kind of the expected. Theres a lot of chairs, not very many chairs, but If you're in the city and you need a place to chill out for a while, or just get out of the people, here's a perfect place. Cool to be up here though.
Reflections.Still one of my favorites: youtube.com/watch?v=ZeHc…Now one of my favorites: To the left you can see the actual Transamerica Pyramid. To the right you can see a reflection of the Transamerica Pyramid in the FiDi buildings.Either way it's a serene scene of seats and benches to enjoy lunch while taking a respite from the ever growing bustle of the city below.Reflect and enjoy.
I'm tempted to give this one star in hopes of dissuading people from coming here. But it's a great rooftop escape on sunny days -- my favorite place to eat downtown. Grab your salad to go from the Mixt Greens on Commercial and head up to the 15th floor!
Even though I work in this building; I've never been to this rooftop before in 2 and a half years. For the first time ever; it is so peaceful and the scenery is awesome!!  Definitely worth coming to!!!!
Awesome place to grab lunch when it's sunny out. It can get kinda packed,  but if you wait a couple minutes a table will eventually clear up. A great break from the florescent lights of the office and really easy to find given that "roof garden" is labeled inside the elevator.
Walk in with confidence & go up to the 15th (yep - not the 16th!) floor. Really nice place to eat lunch. Just wish there were more / better lunch places around here.
Granted it could be okay if it's quiet. It was for a little while....Sf does has its fair share of public roof decks. But too many smokers  here, a turn off for us  non smokers
Awesome place to go for a a meal or just to get away from the office, by yourself or with a group. I love rooftops! Overall its has a nice view from 2 different angles. A few chairs/small tables, and cement benches.
Walk through the doors all the way pass the security guard, make a right, and take the elevator to the 15th floor. What do you find? An insane rooftop garden in the middle of the city with slight views and a many empty seats where you are welcomed to have lunch or just take a break from your hectic work schedule. Great place to go if you need a little breather, but don't go out of your way as there is not much of a view.
I'm tempted to tell everyone AVOID THIS PLACE so it doesn't get more crowded, but I'd be lying....it's the Financial District's best lunch spot. A large roof that gets all the sun on nice days. Weird art you can laugh at. Seats with cushions to sit on if you're lucky. Can't get much better than that.It's open to the public, so grab some food at Chez Fayala around the corner (best sandwich place ever), walk into 343 Sansome, get on an elevator going up, and press the button for floor 15. Your workday lunches will never be the same again. Guaranteed.
I love hanging out here It not only has a great view it's also always nice to escape the fAst pace of the city A local treasure for sure I personally just love great views Have fun and enjoy our city view You will not regret it oh and it does not smell like piss up here
A cute little rooftop where you can sit and hang out for a while.  There are some tables & also some benches.The views are underwhelming, though.  Mostly you just see buildings all around you -- if you stand at certain spots near the edge of the deck & especially if you lean over and crane your neck, you might be able to see some slivers of the bay.If you're looking for somewhere to pass some time & have nowhere to go, then stop by.  However, I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to come here.
A serene getaway from the hustle and bustle of the financial district. Go through the doors of building 343 Sansome and take the elevators up to the 15th floor. Cushioned chairs & tables line one side of the rooftop and seating around planters on the other end. Smokers come up here for a quick smoke, but there's enough space for everyone... at least in the wintertime just before lunch. The views are of buildings, with a peek of Transamerica building & the bay between 2 skyscrapers. Good place to go if you need a break and to catch up with a friend during the day.
Great spot for relaxation.
I don't know if I'm too picky or what, but I thought the spot was just okay. My office is just next to the Crocker Galleria, so maybe it's because I've been spoiled by the rooftop garden there. The space is somewhat smaller than I had imagined, but it's still nice and sunny, and a big place is that there are shady places to sit. You get a little sliver of the bay, but for the most part, it's surrounded by buildings that are much much taller.
Great views. Unique spot.
Beautiful. And lots of tables to eat lunch at. Take the elevator to the 15th floor.
Yet another testament to how amazing San Francisco is! This little rooftop is tucked away on the 15th floor in FiDi.My coworker and I found this place via the SPUR Secret Places app. Sweet spot for a sunny day! We went during lunch hour and it was quite crowded. We didn't have a problem finding a seat, but if you'd like a table for two, head over early.
Just another public green area on top of a nice building in the middle of the city.This spot has tables and chairs for you to each lunch.Only a few seats have a nice view.  But regardless a nice spot to eat outdoors.It is cold and windy in the winter time so dress appropriately or wait for spring/summer.
I love going here.  It is usually quiet, has a bit of a bay view and is the perfect place to bring your lunch.  There are always nice flowers and there are a decent amount of seats.  I've been coming here for a while on and off.  Originally I was going to review it, but I didn't want to "blow up the spot" and bring in more people.  I wanted to keep it a secret.   I just came across the listing for it, so I decided to give my props.  This place is about 4 1/2 stars, but I'll just give it 4.  It is not exactly perfect.There are garbage cans and recycling cans, please USE THEM and keep this rooftop area looking good.
I love this place so, I really should not be telling anyone. It is a great place on a sunny day and even on a semi cloudy day. I love that within moments I can be transported away from the noise of SF. It is a great place to take lunch or meet a friend.
There is nothing like enjoying an In-N-Out burger** [Make friends with someone who might bring you an In-N-Out burger all the way from either Daly City or North Beach - good luck with this one!] and a Vietnamese iced coffee [Pick one up at Les Croissant down the street at 2 California. They are deliciously strong!] on a rooftop terrace underneath the sun in what feels like 70 degree weather with friends and great conversation in the middle of the work day. I really hope it doesn't become overcrowded now that I've gone and Yelped it. *fingers crossed* Save me a seat!In case you are inclined to check this spot out, it is open to the public from 10am to 5pm, Monday to Friday. You can take any elevator, except for the first one on the left [according to the security guard], when entering from the Sansome Street side. Head up to the 15th floor [Sign in the elevators will remind you.]! There are tables and benches and spectacular views of the surrounding buildings.PS - When you enter from the Sansome side, there are a set of elevators to your immediate right. Those aren't the right elevators. In fact, they do not appear to even have buttons for pressing!PPS - This is one of several POPOS ["Privately-Owned Public Open Spaces"]  in San Francisco. Cool, huh?PPPS - Wear sunscreen if you do not plan on sitting in the shade. You don't want your coworkers to know that you've gotten so much sun in a short period of time! They don't call it "Sun Terrace" without reason; without sunscreen, you will probably return to the cube/office with a sunglass tan. Hot Stuff!** Feel free to substitute the In-N-Out burger with another food item of choice.
I agree with Annie S. that the Crocker rooftop is better, but that is because of the amazing smells from the restaurants, as for views this location is better.  Take advantage of these free locations.  Nice respite from the crazy loud streets.
The rooftop here is one of the best ones in the city in terms of location, space and cleanliness. Despite the size, it's very relaxed and peaceful. It gets packed on sunny days given the location but pretty open during off peak times (great for coffee breaks etc.). It does get windy up here so make sure your lunch/trash does not fly away.
Twas a rare gorgeous day in San Francisco so I brought my whole company up here to have lunch.  It definitely helps that we're outdoors breathing fresh air and getting some Vitamin C.  I've even see folks tan shirtless up there before.There are a few tables but plenty of bench room.  It's a getaway from the busyness that is downtown SF!
Awesome lunch spot with a view of the downtown skyline. It's nice and quiet with plenty of tables and chairs to eat at.
15 floors above the all the douchebags doing their blackberry-walks right in front of you when you're trying to get from point A to point B lies this rad little outdoor area.  Great lunch spot when the sun's out.  Beats the hell out of eating your take-away at the Embarcadero Promenade, sitting on the old Federal Reserve Building's steps, fighting for a square foot at Justin Herman Plaza, or just about any other public outdoor space in the area.I'm sold.  But yeah, myself included, folks shouldn't be alerting everyone to this secret gem.  I only feel obliged to comment because that's how I found out about it. And guess what, I'm a smoker and  I'm gonna smoke there too!  Do your fake cough at me if you must, but your favorite lunch spot is my favorite smoke spot.  So suck on that Bay Area prudes!
Great place to relax in a green space in the city.
Thanks to my co-worker for letting me in on his secret lunch spot. What a hidden gem and located less than a block away from our office.This is the place to go to just get away from the corporate office. Sit back and enjoy the afternoon sun.
Recipe for a great lunch experience.Ingredients:1 part beautiful SF day.1 part in-n-out burger and fries (substitutable).2 parts good friends who'll bring you drinks.1 part relaxed, pleasant conversation.1 part POPOS on 343 sansome street 15th floor.A dash of sunscreen to taste (per Adam W's request).Instruction:Combine all ingredients.Mix, do not stir.Enjoy.p.s. I tried to re-create the experience at home. Got the same in-n-out stuff, made my own vietnamese coffee (with the help of the fabulous yelpers yelp.com/topic/daly-city…), and opened my balcony door as wide as possible. It's still not the same. Leave your office chair and go to 343 sansome rooftop when you can!
You just can't go wrong by visiting the privately owned public space at 343 Sansome on the 15th floor.  It's quiet, the people are friendly (or just don't care) and the view is wonderful.
I'm not an expert on popos in sf, but this seems to be one of the best.  its outdoors, away from noisy streets, has greenery, and cool views of surrounding buildings.
YAY for Roofop Deck. BOOOO to my fellow Yelpers. It's only a "secret" "hidden gem" if you DON'T SHARE it on YELP.....ugh,I hope it does not get crowed now... :(
Head over early to get a chair and a spot in the sun. I arrived late and had to eat at the back, in the shade, on one of the concrete flower holders. Besides the sore toosh, it was a pretty nice way to spend my lunch hour. I definitely forgot I was even in the Financial District.
it nice to get some fresh air here after a couple hours of yelping in front of the computer :)
