It gets a bit cold, but otherwise this is a nice little park on sunny days to sit around and enjoy a lunch or coffee.
The space here is usually covered by the shade from the skyscrapers that tower over it which makes this place a bit cooler than the rest of the surrounding area.What's intriguing with this space is the architecture and design of the art pieces that stand here. Mixt Greens and Split Bread is also nearby if you're looking for a place to grab a quick bite.Great place to meet someone too!
"Summer is Coming". I highly recommend this spot as a peaceful respite during a work break!This space is in the shade, seems to always have a bit of a breeze going, and is a great place to escape the summer heat, especially after you've just escaped the line at Mixt Greens. The water and bamboo is very serene, and I like watching the kinetic sculpture lazily move back and forth.
Worst security team in the world.I went here to see a client I am working with. They had pre-registered me, but there was issues with the registration, at no fault of mine. This did not prevent the security team from becoming rude. Even after a phone call and an email of my confirmation, they still would not let me enter.Building security are the first line of customer service. Even though the building is very nice, well located and has other great services, I am happy to not have my business here.
Mission Street Plaza is a great escape from cubicle life. I still prefer the POPOS across the street (more seating) but this location has more shade. Given its visibility right on Mission Street, it can get busy during the day but on evenings and weekends it is pretty empty.
Use this place  for dog walking, of course, dogs have to do their business.  Suddenly, there are signs to keep dogs off the grass.  Just walk by now, not in.  Dogs now go on the sidewalk around here, so beware when you walk around here, I try to pick up as good as I can.
Located adjacent to Golden Gate University lies one of San Francisco's underapreciated gems --  a public space that isn't quite a park but a privately-owned space that's made available to the public to enjoy the outdoors. This green oasis has a optically entrancing motorised steel art piece w/ a stepping lane that gives one the impression they are walking on water, additional sculptures, plenty of seating, & shade. Santa's yelper sez: Nothing. He's mesmerized by the dual rotating circles above him...
Venue: One of my favorite POPOS (privately owned public spaces) in SF. It's relaxing, and away from the bustle of Market St. Good for chats over coffee or those quick lunch breaks. Generally people LOVE this place. Apparently some people have gotten married here!Amenities: Movable chairs/tables.Accessibility: On SOMA, so just take the 14 down Mission. Or ride the BART and get off at Montgomery.Nearby: Some sandwich shops.Hopes: It could be much warmer. This place is shaded the entire day.Tip: Don't come here if you're expecting sun. The grass is fake. Sit on the steps! The design firm I'm interning it helped developed this space. Will I come back? Yes!
Peaceful, pretty and classy.
I first visited this plaza back in '07 and have been back a few times since.  It's a nice place to relax.  Formal seating with tables are available nearby although the more comfortable area to settle is on the steps next to the tree planters.  The fountain is stepped above grade as well but it has exposure to the street and no shade during the noon hour.The path is doesn't hold any surprises, just shade and a way through space.  If you like to sketch this place is great to help you with your perspective skills; elements are repeated along lines.
I love this place. It's a little hidden gem that I don't think a lot of people know about. It's especially lovely at night when it's lit up with red lights. A nice romantic place to take someone. It's right across from Roy's (and Salt House), so now after dinner, you can also get in some post-prandial romance...This 16,000 square foot urban plaza was designed for Hines Development Corp. in downtown San Francisco and sits adjacent to an office tower designed by Cesar Pelli Associates. The plaza provides a large, street-level, publicly accessible open space that has become a neighborhood destination for gathering. The plaza features a large bamboo grove that buffers one edge of the plaza and allows visitors to experience a landscape unique to San Francisco's South of Market District.AwardsNational American Society of Landscape Architects Design Merit Award, 20037x7 Magazine, Best New Public Space, 2004CreditsClient/Developer: HinesLandscape Architect: Completed by Christian Lemon while at Hart HowertonDesign Architect: Cesar Peli AssociatesArchitect: Kendall Heaton AssociatesInterior Architect: IAMEP Engineer: Flack + KurtzYear Completed: 2002
I've worked at 560 Mission for several years and the other reviewers are correct, the space is very well done.  Lots of bamboo and a reflecting pond that add serenity to the hustle and bustle of SOMA.  My only complaint is the space is always packed in with smokers.  There are many tables and chairs for eating and socializing on those rare nice SF afternoons but the cigarette smoke is so thick that I can't enjoy it.  Instead I usually just grab my salad from Mixt Greens and eat upstairs.
this is a cool building.  had to roll over here for a work meeting last week, and I liked the bamboo garden + the views from the office I had the meeting int.  they must clean the window more often than my building (345 cal) because you could actually get a clear view up 2nd from them.  just a hop skip & jump from montgomery too.
I am so glad to see that someone else has already written one review of a startlingly beautiful grove of bamboos in the middle of the city.  I've walked by this place so many times over the last year and a half, and it's always soothing.The slightest wind sets the tips of the bamboos rustling, so I keep my ears perked to hear the leaves shivering.  The bamboos are a mass set against the outer perimeters of this corporate garden (J.P. Morgan is the owner of the building).  In the middle of the garden is a large reflecting fountain/pool set in black stone.  The lines of the pool are streamlined and quiet.  The only possible complaint I have is the silver rotating sculpture that I feel does not add to the garden but actually detracts from the simple lines of the pool. As Hao L. has noted in his review, it is quite lovely at night when it's lit up.  But it's also amazing in the daylight.  It's worth taking a little detour from where ever you are going to in FiDi to walk by here -- I do it all the time.
I love this building. Beautiful and aesthetically pleasing. I have two problems with it- the supports on the sidewalk on Mission Street and very cheap and hollow (bang on them with your hand, they feel like plastic) and I wish it were TALLER!!
