Dog lovers unite! Alamo Square is a great off-leash dog park, and the sheer amount of cute pups I see here makes my day. Of course there's a view of the painted ladies, and a small swarm of tourists milling about that side of the park, but honestly it's more fun to people watch the tourists and hang out with some cute puppies.
This is a nice park.  It is in a residential neighborhood.   Lining the park are a couple of nice apartments,  but mainly beautiful victorian houses.  These include the famous and highly photographed Painted Ladies.The park its self is grassy with nice trees and nicer viewed.  It is a high point and you can see all over from up here.When I have been here it has always been used by two groups.  Tourists looking at the houses and people exercising their dogs.   There are lots of happy dogs.
Beautiful San Francisco city park especially along or looking towards Steiner St. because of the Painted Ladies. So much beauty in the neighborhood and looking beyond it at the city skyline. Great place to just have a quick picnic and take in the view. The Painted Ladies are just so beautiful to look at. You cant help but remember it from the Full House tv show or countless postcards that have featured those victorian masterpiece homes. There's a lot of tourists. There's a lot of dogs. So watch your step and pay close attention to the street signs as well as any temporary street construction signs. SF parking enforcement will be on you with the quickness. I parked across the street from the Painted Ladies first, only seeing the street signs thinking it was ok. But  I hadn't noticed the signs during construction of no stopping or parking. Stoops! Good thing I didnt get a ticket in the 5-10 mins it took me to realize I shouldn't have parked there. Whew!Alamo Square park. You gotta see it. Just sit and take it all in for a moment. You're seeing the city from one of its most beautiful vantage points. What a view...
Beautiful Views Of The City From The Top Of This Hilly Park!My mother and I visited Alamo Square on the afternoon of August 1st. We arrived at Alamo Square via the MUNI bus, and walked a few blocks to reach our destination. The famous row of colourful Victorian houses called The Painted Ladies were situated on one side of Alamo Square. Alamo Square was a large urban park taking up an entire city block in the middle of a residential neighborhood. The park was perched on top of a hill, that overlooked the city. It had a good mix of open grassy spaces and treed areas. We climbed the hillside in order to get a better and less obstructed view of The Painted Ladies. The views of the surrounding city and downtown skyline from on top of the hilly park were fantastic and beautiful and provided great photo opportunities! The atmosphere felt very relaxed and peaceful and the park was busy with tourists admiring The Painted Ladies and lots of locals enjoying a picnic, reading, sunbathing or just hanging out. The park was surrounded on all four sides by gorgeous and colourful Victorian houses (including The Painted Ladies) with such unique, detailed and impressive architecture. The whole area around the park was also full of beautiful homes. I really enjoyed wandering around the neighbourhood while checking out and admiring the pretty houses. If I lived in this neighbourhood or had more time in San Francisco, this park would have been a beautiful place to just relax for an afternoon, enjoy a picnic and admire the great views from above. I enjoyed my visit to Alamo Square and would definitely recommend it to visitors in San Francisco.
This might be one of my favorite parks in San Francisco. Its more calm. Nothing like the crowd you would get at Dolores. It's on top of the hill therefore the view is nice and the view of the painted ladies. Especially this weekend, the sun was out. Just bring a blanket, some fruits and shades. Perfect day at the park. Noise level is very light even with all the tourist. Very relaxing. Especially with the rainwe had this year, the grass is green.
As far as views of the city and the Painted Ladies, Alamo Square is one of those iconic tourist places in SF that you might enjoy visiting. Located across the street from the "Full House" house, the row of Painted Ladies is quintessential Victorian era San Francisco. Beautifully painted and maintained to reflect the grandeur and elegance of San Fransisco circa mid 1800's- early 1900's, these homes surrounding Alamo Square, including the Painted Ladies, but also a few other beauties, are really very captivating. Definitely a good place to visit if Victorian architecture is your delight.
Everyone must recognized this place in the us tv show full house. You have a beautiful view of the city and skyline. Beautiful houses cover the front line. I love it
Naturally, it's a tourist must, but it's got much more to offer than a Full House flashback. IMO, the Painted Ladies aren't nearly the coolest houses on the block. There are tons of amazing Victorians in the neighborhood, and it's worth walking beyond the perimeter of the park if you're into architecture. The skyline views are amazing as well, especially with city hall in the foreground. My favorite part about the park is how dog friendly it is. There is an off-leash area with lots of friendly dogs and dog owners. It's nice to see that locals frequent the park and they aren't complete a-holes like some other cities (*coughNewYorkcough*). The drag about this place, aside from parking on weekends, is that it's 95% dirt / mud. The grass is mostly weeds, and it's pathetic for the dogs. Maybe it's just because of winter, but I cannot imagine trying to picnic here. Also, on two sides of the park, there was shattered glass from two car break-ins. Wouldn't trust parking here after dark.
Add this to your SF to-do. All the tourists do it. This is where you can see the Painted Ladies aka Full House houses... everyone takes their iconic FH pics here.  You also get a view of the SF skyline since the hill is slightly elevated. There's usually street parking at the perimeter of the park.
A lot of tourists here to take pictures of the Victorian houses. Too many dogs in the area, couldn't really enjoy peace here. Perhaps I didn't explore the entire area, I didn't see any flat ground where families could enjoy a picnic. Wasn't too hard to find street parking but I can picture it being tough during weekends.
If you were a Full House fan growing up then you must visit this place-if you are nearby. If you are nearby and want to take a break, stretch your legs, people/dog watch or have a small picnic, then this is the place for it. I visited in October so the trees & grass were turning and some patches of dirt. However the houses are great to look at. Combine this with a landscape backdrop of San Francisco and you have epic selfies. Not sure the distance, but a few laps around the park will definitely give you a cardio workout if you keep up for 20 minutes at least. There's parking all along the perimeter of the park but there are also lots nearby.
5 stars for the view.In a City that is chock full of views, Alamo Squares is unique.A row of Victorian homes line the eastern side of the Square and beyond this, is the most amazing skyline view of Downtown San Francisco.This view appeared in a TV sitcom; it's in countless tourist photos.But when you think about it, it's one of the beautiful neighborhoods in San Francisco.Last year, I stumbled upon an antique & flea market that the Haight Neighborhood association planned as a fundraiser. It was very cool. The other homes around the perimeter of the square are distinctive and pretty colorful in pattern & history.In warm weather, bring a picnic and spread out on the grassy slope. Enjoy a glass of wine and snacks. The view is your sweet treat.
This park is basically a hill with nice views at the top.Yes, yes, yes, it's known for it's famous: Painted Ladies which is lovely and I suppose the views of every direction are nice. However, I do not appreciate the fact that so many people smoked in this park the day I came. It kind of destroyed the little bit of nature that San Francisco had, even though there isn't really nature at all with the drought and all.The washrooms here were surprisingly clean, but there is a window on the top of the washroom I was in, so the entire time, I was self conscious to know if someone was looking at me from above.
For most people Alamo Square and the view of The Painted Ladies is iconic due to the tv show Full House. For this gal, this spot derives its special meaning from the movie "The Five Year Engagement." Alamo Square is the park where Emily Blunt hosts a "pick your own adventure" style wedding. The scene, like everything in the movie, is super charming. It imprinted itself in my touristy desires and it did not disappoint. It was lovely to see people leisurely enjoying their weekend picnics and lounging about on the grass. The views of San Francisco from this spot are surprisingly vast and lovely. We were here during Fleet Week and the city insider pro-tip is that this is a great spot to watch the agile acrobatics of the planes. Be forewarned. This is a highly active area for car break ins. If you plan on parking nearby, make sure you keep all your valuables out of sight. We encountered shattered glass and  police offers taking reports from incidents that occurred in broad daylight.
Mary Kate & Ashley put the Painted Ladies on tourist's list of places to visit in SF.But for the locals who live around the square, there's more to than just staring at these classic Victorian homes.It's about playing with your kids in the playground.It's getting a glimpse of downtown SF on a fog free day. It's about gathering picnic supplies at nearby Bi-Rite market and enjoying it here.It's about letting your pooch get some air time with your frisbee and meeting other cute doggies.It's about communing with Mother Nature after a hard day's work. I love SF.
Everytime I have visited this park, the Full House theme just would suddenly go off in my head! The park is beautiful and the view of downtown SF is fantastic, but the obvious highlight is the row of colorful houses featured in the Full House theme song. I've been here during the day and during the night and there are always people just hanging around the park, mostly chilling on the grass. Accessing this park via a car is not a problem either as there is residential parking surrounding the park. If you don't find a spot the first time, just swing around and eventually you'll find one.
Aside from the great view of the Painted Ladies with the city behind them... I didn't see a whole lot of awesomeness at this park. It did have an off-leash dog area in it, which seemed cool (even just for us onlookers -- we missed our pup back at home, so it was fun to see others playing!), but overall the park seemed kinda dirty and too crowded to truly enjoy just hanging out in it.
Sooo...what is this? Pretty much cosigning what Angela Z said. It didn't help that I came on a day that was bitterly cold but it seemed like most of everything is under construction, the houses are diluted, lots of dirt and just overall not a pretty place to hang.
An all day trek to reach the Full House park at golden hour. Awesome.When my boyfriend and I took our first trip to SF together, the one thing he wanted to do was "see the Full House house".We googled directions to the house and were really disappointed.  It didn't look anything like we remembered.  There was couple from Germany, who were doing the same.  They asked us to take a photo of them in front of the house.  We asked them if this resembled the house they remembered. They figured it had changed a bit over the 20 year gap, but that wasn't good enough for my boyfriend. He googled the house used in the song and it led us to Alamo Square. It was only a couple miles away (and we were parked at the pier) so we decided to continue on foot. San Francisco is not the most walkable city. The steep hills added to our walk time and before we knew it, the sun was starting to set. Turns out, the universe had a surprise in store for us because when we reached our destination, it was golden hour. We snapped away. And to my boyfriend, the trip was complete.
This place is definitely a gem of San Francisco!First of all, it is in front of one of San Francisco "landmarks", which is the Painted Ladies (the 5 colorful houses that appear on the opening of the 90's TV series, "Full House").Second of all, this square is extremely cute! Seriously, it is so relaxing to be here. And it has a great view of the San Francisco skyline.Furthermore, this square has a playground that is simply amazing! With awesome play house constructions, swings, and the squishy type of floor to protect children from getting hurt when they fall. Warning: No pets allowed in the playground area!
As beautiful and majestic as promised in the Full House TV show theme.
Nice spot on a nice day in the city. I've only been here once and it's right across from the Painted Ladies. Great spot to bring dogs or just bring a blanket and chill. Although the public bathroom here is pretty gross. We got lucky and found parking right in front of the park.
The park is beautiful. It is hard to find something so calm and rich with nature in the middle of the city. One thing I like about San Francisco is that the city is not condensed and the hills are beautiful! You can bring picnic and drinks with a blanket and hang out at the beautiful park! Many dogs like coming here too and play with each other. I love seeing the city and painted ladies in foreground! Must visit. A very beautiful destination!
For a tourist trap, this place is a major dump.Maybe I have to be a local to appreciate this park because it isn't a nice park at all. The park is surrounded by homelessness and feels dirty. The grass isn't well maintained and looks barren. The view of the city is nice but there are much better views elsewhere (Filbert Steps, Twin Peaks, Alcatraz, etc.). Most of the Victorian houses looked ordinary to my untrained eyes. Even the Painted Ladies that everyone comes to see look OK to me. Maybe I just don't know how to appreciate this kind of beauty.Overall, I'm glad I was able to take a couple photos of the Painted Ladies but it certainly isn't a park I'd revisit. Parking can be a pain in the you know what and if you're lucky, you might end up on Divisadero where homeless people will sell you homeless paper the moment you get out of your car. Good luck!
What a beautiful park in a beautiful spot in a beautiful city. I have to admit, I was expecting the park across from the infamous Painted Ladies to be a bit seedier than it actually is; sure, it's filled with tourists and weed smoke, but everyone is there to relax in the shade and enjoy the view. It's quite lovely. What I didn't realize is that Alamo Square is actually quite elevated, so you can see much of the city from the peak -- all the way downtown and over to Russian Hill, to be exact. There are nice paved walking paths and even a place to let your dog off-leash for a romp. The park is surrounded by some of the most beautiful Edwardian and Victorian houses in the city, which enhance the elegance and wholesomeness of the park.I wish I'd brought a blanket, a bottle of rosé and a few sandwiches for a picnic -- Alamo Square really is the ideal place for that, much more than any other park I've been to in SF. Next time, for sure!
Great find in San Francisco, came here to see the painted ladies. Apparently one of the houses was the house for a popular tv show. No idea about that.So the houses were not that awesome to see, really could have done with more stand out paint. What was nice was the view from here of the city. Did not check out much else of this square, just made my way down to Japan Town from here.
"Whatever happened to predictability? The milkman, the paperboy, the evening TV...."When I think about SF, I think about the houses. And when I think about the houses, I picture Full House. This is the place to be if you wanna feel like you're part of the show. The Painted Ladies featured in the theme song can be found at this park!Bring a small picnic blanket and pack your lunch, or you can go on a foodventure like I did and bring all your goodies to munch on here! There's plenty of grassy areas or benches to sit so you can enjoy the San Franciscan air.Beware of the doggy doodoo because everyone brings their pups to play too.
Good luck on parking, unless you are a lucky ducky. The famous Painted ladies are the reasons you endlessly circle the park for a parking spot. It's a must see while in San Fran. The public bathroom was surprisingly clean. Don't forget the parking brake! :P
Alamo Square is tourist central, of course, but whether you're an SF resident or not, you can't deny that this is an iconic and beautiful park. Views of the painted ladies and downtown on one side, dog park and views of Sutro, etc. on the other side. With the hills on all sides and crooked trees around the center, the terrain is gorgeous.Bonus for me: it's essentially my backyard. But it's also super convenient to get to from Western Addition, Lower Haight, Hayes Valley, and so on.
Great park to walk your dog and/or read a book. Even to picnic. I love how quiet and tranquil this park is. And you get a perfect view of the painted ladies.. Dog lovers unite for sure! :p I've never seen so many canines together before... Definitely a cool sight.
Amazing views and fun to see the Tanner house! Beautiful green grass and fragrant trees! Dogs can run off leash and kids can play at the park!
Full House!!!Street parking. Super crowded in the park/square area. Taking pictures from the park gets the best view of the Painted Ladies. Brings back memories seeing these houses up close. I would really hate living in this area!
As you can see .. it was a grey foggy day .. but still worth a stop. We stopped on our way out of town so we had our own car but driving around town is awful .. so use public transportation as much as possible .. loved the trolleys.
What a pretty place to hangout and have a picnic with your best friends! You get to eat, chat, and have a great view of those beautifully painted houses! This is located in a residential area so parking is already difficult. Since this place is kind of a popular and tourist-y place, it's even more difficult to find parking! What sucks the most (to me at least) is that it's kind of on a hill and I hate parallel parking in a steep slope, boo! But it's a great accomplishment when you actually park perfectly on the slope because now you get to enjoy the view!Most people do just come to take pictures of the houses, which what I came for originally. But it's honestly a great place to have a picnic. It was a sunny (and somewhat windy) day when I went so it was pretty great. The park is pretty huge also. It's a giant square with four sides facing the houses. Overall, I definitely enjoyed visiting here. It's nice seeing those houses because it brings back so much memories! I definitely recommend this place but be warned about the parking!
Painted Ladies?  What area is this?  That sounds so...commercial.  Forgive me.I've seen the row homes for so many years within movie and TV clips that I wanted to get a few photos before I could not.This seems to be one of the high points in the city, along with Chinatown.  I felt as though there was a lot of climbing.  I suppose I could have used the Route 21 or 22 buses to get within a few blocks.However, it was very, very chilly outside and I needed to get some exercise.  It was a good walk from the Union Station area.  The park seemed full of people just relaxing.As you look further, you can see much of a tiny city in the distance, far below your location.  It was pleasant.
Kudos to everybody who posted beautiful photos on here.  Unfortunately when I stopped by and took pics, mine didn't come out nice.  No bueno.  Maybe it was the time of the day where the shadows were covering the gorgeous Victorian homes.   It's a perfect place for photo ops.  Good luck trying to find a parking spot.
Like a miniature Dolores Park, except less crowded, less pretentious, less trash, and less bs.Picture perfect view of the Painted Ladies and downtown skyline behind it.I want to picnic here everyday!
This park in San Francisco is famous for the row of houses known as the "Painted Ladies".  If you want to get this famous shot come on down.There are a couple of things you need to know if you have never been to this park before:1)  Parking is very difficult to find in this area each time I've ever been here.  I was lucky last time to actually get parking on the street adjacent to the park.  Other times I've had to park a couple blocks away.  2)  Sunset is an amazing time to come here.  This park being elevated has a really nice view of the surrounding area.3)  Much of the west side of the park has lots of dogs playing around since it's a dog park!  Lots of friendly people with their dogs running around enjoying the space is a really nice site.4)  The park is steep getting up to the middle because it's a big hill.  If you can't do the steepness go around to the east side to see the Painted Ladies if you can't go through the middle.  5)  There are public restrooms in this park closer to the east side just south of the tennis courts.6)  This park contributes to show off how beautiful San Francisco is in case you didn't already know.
Nice spot to read a book. Many dogs frolicking with children. It's a nice place to get the "big picture" of The City. I like to stand in front of all the tourists snapping pictures and say "Hey, hey! I know I'm good looking but ask first please."
I've lived on Alamo Square for almost 20 years and this little patch of heaven is my favorite spot in San Francisco.Waking to birds chirping, fog burning off quickly, the lovely postcard row with stunning skyline backdrop, gorgeous architecture all around, off-leash dog run on the west side of the park, the darling children's playground, tourists posing for photographs and sunbathers in the park on any nice day - without there being a crush of people like Dolores Park.There's almost everything to like about picturesque Alamo Square. Except when visitors block the driveway to my garage  ("we were just going to be a few minutes!") which gets on my nerves when it happens four times a day.Alamo Square offers San Francisco views at their very best and ideal city living.
One word: Gorgeous. Few more words: Alamo Square a.k.a the park from the picnic scene in the credits of the TV show "Full House." Bam. What a sentence. Parking for this beautiful park is all on the streets and thankfully the spots do not require coins since it's surrounded by residential homes. This park is crazy popular with people who want to take a picture of the iconic Painted Ladies of San Francisco. And it's actually a super nice place to go and just enjoy the day at. I saw people just sitting on the grass eating food so you can definitely recreate the picnic scene from Full House if you wish to. The park also includes a small playground for kids that has 2 adult swings if that catches your fancy. My cousin claimed we were too old for that so we walked away. #regret Overall, definitely gonna find time to come back and enjoy the beautiful sunshine while it's still around.
Beautiful park with a great view of the Painted Ladies and downtown San Fran directly behind it. (Go up the hill of the park to see the buildings of SanFran). My lady and I grabbed a bagel sandwhich from the cafe two blocks away and brought it to the park to eat. We went, we ate, took pictures and left. Other than that, there ain't much to do there.
What a lovely place for a rest, a walk, a jog, a dog walk or a picnic!Located right across from The Painted Ladies, Alamo Square has it all. A beautiful place to enjoy the outdoors in this part of the city. It almost, for a second, feels like you're not in the city at all.What I appreciated is that this seemed like a place for locals to go, too. I saw people walking their dogs, making breakfast plans, strolling around (without big bulky cameras around their necks) -- a nice neighborhood gem.
Fun place to spend a few hours on a weekend. The best part is that it is in a hilly part of town and there are several different hillsides each with very different views. By just walking around you can feel like you are in completely different parks. There is a dog area but it seems like people are respectful and don't let their dogs poo outside of that area. I didn't see any dog poo when walking around.
Alamo Square is definitely one of the most popular San Francisco attractions. Parking can be really tight at times, especially because this is in a residential area; otherwise it's best to use public transit, as there are some Muni lines that run close to the area. There is always a view of the "Painted Ladies" and a view of the Downtown area in the distance.
I've been here a few times while on vacation and it's a pretty nice park with views of the painted ladies.  I see a lot of people letting their dogs run and play together but I'm not sure that it's necessarily a dog park.  Overall, a very nice place to walk around in SF.
During my SF trip, I got to see the famous "Painted Ladies" Victorian houses in Alamo Square. My friends and I were here for like 30 minutes just to take pictures here. There's nothing that much to see except for the houses. I would probably stayed here long if we came here before sunset and have a picnic just like the "Full House" theme song. ;)
Sure, everyone goes to Alamo Square for the picturesque cityscape -- especially that one with the Painted Ladies front and center and the rest of the SF skyline hanging in the background.  It's where you can have a short but sweaty urban hike, have a picnic with brie and baguettes, and re-live the opening credits to Full House.But what I'd like to talk about are the DOGS.The locals who hang out at Alamo Square all have dogs, and each one is nicer than the next.  While I was doing the tourist thing and snapping pictures around the Square, I had my ankles licked and/or cuddled by 14 (yes, I counted) different dogs.The amazing thing about these dogs?  There wasn't a single mean or ugly one.  I don't know if it's something in the water (or just all the weed wafting through the air), but SF dogs have truly embraced free love and respect toward their fellow living things -- sometimes even more so than their owners!With that, I give Alamo Square 5 woofs!
It's where you get the best views of the Painted Ladies.  Aside from that, it's still another pretty park.  Walk up the stairs to the top of the hill and enjoy this relaxing park.
I recently got married and, for the wedding, my wife and I filmed scenes for a mock Full House intro here, which was pretty awesome.  Even without a specific purpose, I can see this place being a pretty chill place to hang out and chillax. This park is great, and it so HUGE!  It really surprised me how big it was.  There are even tennis courts in Alamo Square park!  Definitely didn't see uncle Joey playing tennis on TV back in the day.I think part of the reason I thought the park was smaller is due to the disproportionate attention Postcard Row gets vs the other sides.  In any case,  I'm definitely going back even though we're done filming!
Many happy memories at this park: Dog watching, people watching, house watching, picnicking, meeting friends, celebrating with friendly strangers whose floats broke down during Bay to Breakers, sunbathing, and most recently watching our kid enjoy  running through it. Lots of tourists and people are generally very friendly - either walking their dog, child, or partner. The view of the city and the iconic houses is breathtaking and the near constant breeze keeps one wanting to move along after a time. A lovely place to make and capture great memories.Oh, and the children's playground on the West side allows you to watch your little one and the great views simultaneously.
On my way to SFO airport, I stopped by Alamo Square to check out the Painted Ladies. I discovered this park via yelp reviews, and was eager to see what the beauties looked like. :)Parking was rather difficult to find, but I managed to squeeze into a spot about 1 street over from Hayes. After a brief 2 min walk, I'm there - on the green lush lawn, full of tourists and locals basking in the bright sun. It was such a beautiful day this past Friday, and people were sunbathing and enjoying the nice weather.I snapped some photos of myself and the Painted Ladies in the background. haha :) and had to rush off to the airport. Would love to spend more time here next time, and even have a picnic!
On a whim, family friends and I decided to head to Alamo Square to take pictures of the famous Painted Ladies. These are Victorian houses that were popular in San Francisco, back in the day. Painted Ladies are preserved by the city as a historic site.Parking is difficult to find, so if possible, take public transportation (or walk). An app called Rover works well for finding the nearest muni, as well as estimating your time of arrival! If you decide to go by taxi, just tell your driver you want to see the Painted Ladies and they'll know exactly where to take you. No address necessary! Alamo Square/Painted Ladies is also 0.5 miles away from City Hall and Haight-Ashbury (though in opposite directions) so you can easily walk over to those two places!We found that the best spot to capture that postcard image is from the benches on Alamo Square. If it's nice out, the Square would be great for a picnic!
Whatever happened to predictability? The milkman, the paperboy, evening TV?You know you sing this song too when you're passing by Alamo Square.This is a nice park with a postcard view of the city, a view that blends the old Victorians with the rising sky scrapers.  But don't neglect to do a 360 because the vantage point at the top also provides great views of Sutro Tower and the Presidio.  It's beautiful.  It's also a place where you can hang out with friends after brunch, take your dog for a run, or just bask in the sun (when there is sun).
Great place to visit while in San Francisco!  I have never been lucky finding a parking spot here.  So, I have never yet set foot in Alamo Square.  Hopefully, one of these days I will.I sometimes drive friends and/or family here to see the Painted Ladies.  I am always reminded of the sitcom Full House whenever I go hereAn awesome touristy spot in the beautiful city of San Francisco.
On a winter weekday afternoon, my GF and I were surprised that the House from the tv show Full House did not have a park across it. We came to a realization that what was filmed on the intro credit scene was in a separate place. WHAT A TEASE!Ambiance:* Parking | For a week day, parking was pretty tough, but once you do, it is generally a free 2 hr parking kind of deal. Good luck!* Feels | If the grass was trimmed I would recommend coming here to relax. It is at a high viewpoint of the city. It is relatively quite as I don't think many events happen here as oppose to Dolores Park.Overall | 4 stars, the grass was muddy long. We weren't inclined to step on the grass however you do get a nice view of the city and the charming houses around it.Advice:This is not the Full House House, but a scene was filmed here.
Alamo Square = a beautiful view of the city from here.  From the Civic Center, it's pretty easy to get there by taking the #21 bus.
Protip: When viewing the Painted Ladies, walk halfway up the hill alongside the south concrete wall. Now turn and look at the Ladies... and a great view of the city!The eastern portion of this park is mostly tourist traffic, whereas the western half is great for dog walking and quieter picnics. Bring a jacket for the east hill, because the winds are fierce starting in the afternoon.
I can't imagine how the Full House cast picnicked on such hilly grass area but nevertheless, I'd like to picnic here someday too. I stopped by this area after realizing that I had lived in the bay area my entire life and had never ONCE stopped at Alamo Square to admire the painted ladies. I feel bad for the residents whose house is on constant display and is subject to so many photographs (but maybe they like that...?). There's a playground and benches for those who want to bring their kids and have a nice lunch. I wasn't even aware that this place was considered a dog park until reading about it on Yelp. For those touring around SF as tourists or for people like me who have lived in the bay area for a quarter century, this place is a must see.
This is a great neighborhood park loved by locals and tourists alike. I still take pictures of the Painted Ladies with SF in the background, and I've been here countless times! On a sunny day (like today!), people just flock to the green lawn, find a spot, sit down and enjoy the view. We have young kids in tow, so we always head to the playground, which should win the award for "best place to take the kids while enjoying the San Francisco skyline". Parking is quite tough, and it's a bit of a hike, but the reward is worth the effort! Oh, and if that isn't sweet enough, walk 4 blocks down to Smitten, Miette and Chantal Guillon...
Was visiting the bay area for the 4th just this past weekend and took my boyfriend sightseeing. He's never been to SF before, so it was great to show him  a bit of the city's history.This is a great place to come, sit for a bit with your lunch or your friend and just take in the view. The painted ladies are awesome to see as well, especially if you grew up seeing them in your favorite shows. Genuinely gorgeous homes.I love SF.
This park is filled with a lot of people in the evening on a Sunday. And has a very nice view of the city. It also has a nice view of the houses that are like different and are very rich looking on the outside. It's a very calm park and very relaxing to sit down just have a drink or lunch and just enjoy the view. I will be back again.
Came to Alamo Square so that I could see the "Painted Ladies." They are the Victorian houses at 710-720 Steiner Street, across from Alamo Square Park, also known as "Postcard Row." Built between 1892 and 1896 by developer Matthew Kavenaugh, they have appeared in multiple movies, TV shows, and ads. But of course they are special to me because they were in the opening credits for FULL HOUSE!It seems like there are always several groups of people here taking pictures of the Painted Ladies. The park is really nice and also very dog-friendly. I forgot to check out the shoe garden, so I must do that if I ever come back here. Street parking can be found relatively easily 2-3 blocks away.
Remember the Alamo! I was visiting from San Antonio, the home of the Alamo, so I had to check this place out, and look for the basement. A great park to let your dog loose in, or just get lost in! The park affords wonderful views of downtown San Francisco, and the homes in the area.  Surrounded by Victorian architectural gems, this is a beautiful park! You might recognize the park from the opening of the TV show, Full House. There's plenty of lush grass to relax in the sun, flowers, basketball courts, shade to hang out in, park benches, etc.They have a monthly flea market that has all kinds of great treasures waiting to be discovered!I came here a few times, and even at night, I felt safe. There were lots of foreigners here taking pictures and selfies. The people were friendly.
Cute little park with the view of the painted ladies as well as the city skyline. It's a great place to take visitors. Parking isn't bad but you might have to walk a couple blocks.
It's so sad we are in such a drought. This used to be my favorite square as a kid. So many hills and green grassy areas to run around but now there isn't much grass anymore. Makes complete sense but doesn't make it the beautiful park it once was. In my opinion you can skip this park now in your touristy travels. The only reason to visit is the painted ladies but if you don't care to see them this park is not worth your visit.
This park is near JapanTown. I usually do my evening run there. The park is very nice,there is a dog area as well as children playground,but what makes it wonderful is the "painted ladies" townhouse. And the ciew of SF financial district.
I was so hyped to see the Painted Ladies because like everyone else, Full House was my childhood, but when I got up there, I was so sad to see one undergoing renovations (talk about a touristy-pic ruiner) and another with some construction.Nonetheless, if you're facing the Painted Ladies, turn around and walk up the hill. Pass the people laying out in the sun, reading, and snacking. Walk through the tennis court and tall trees, and you'll get yet another gorgeous view of the city. Not to mention the breeze you get up there is fantastic! It IS the dog park side of Alamo Square, so beware if you're not dog-friendly.Take a lap around the sidewalk. You'll come across these funky trees that look really climbable. Do it (but be careful), and get some fun pictures! You'll also be by another set of historically beautiful houses.In other words, get the full 360 that Alamo Square has to offer, not just the Ladies!TIP: Don't walk from Dolores Park because insane hills. Like the Insanity workout. But just your calves/legs.
Want to see the Painted Ladies....this is the place.If you are in San Francisco, this is a must stop tourist location for pictures, but parking is very tough to find. Spend some time trying to get the perfect photo as there will be a ton of other people doing the same thing.If you want a special secret, bring your tennis racquets and some balls as there is a hidden tennis court in the middle of the park surrounded by very tall trees and I have NEVER seen anyone playing on that court.
On my second to last day in SF and on a whim after visiting Japan Town, I looked up on the internet to see if the houses we see on the opening credits for Full House were truly in SF. Why, yes it is, says the internet. Granted the Full House used for exterior shots is not very close by, but this is a pretty neat park to visit. On one side, you'll enjoy the picturesque shot of the Painted Ladies as well as a lot of other people who have the same idea as you. It's also a very expansive parks, great for dog walking and for enjoying the swings as I did (even though I am an adult, I still can't say no to swings). There are some steep areas in walking so if you are here just to see the row of houses, try to go up on the right side and not like us on the opposite side--great exercise but a little more tiring at the end when you finally locate the side with the houses.There may be some street parking, but it looks pretty limited. Definitely bus it if you can (you are in SF--why are you driving a car??? LOL).
Alamo Square is a quick stop but a must see on the speed tour of San Francisco.It's beautiful! Smack in the middle of a residential area, this park is well maintained and home of the famous Painted Ladies aka those Victorian houses that San Francisco is known for and iconic of our childhood series Full House.Walking by, my friend and I got a kick out of the house with a sign on it's window saying "No, this is not 'Full House'." The real house facade they used on the show is on 1709 Broderick Street. One could easily do the Hollywood tour in SF (Mrs. Doubtfire, Full House, Real World, etc.).Alamo Square is a nice park to sprawl. I've never done it but I did see a few people with blankets. Even on a semi cloudy day, Alamo Square is nice. You see dog walkers, dogs playing fetch, kids running around, picnics. It's all good fun and amazing for pictures. Don't forget to walk through the shoe garden by the building in the middle. I've never seen anything like it. An outdoor shrine to shoes!
Love love love this park! Super dogs friendly and prob is one of the very few dogs friendly parks raft is actually safe to off leash your dogs! It is not gated but the park is so huge that it's pretty safe to let then run in the middle of the park. The view is amazing as well. Parking is often easy to find around the park (except long weekend/holiday) and it's not metered.
It's where you get the best views of the Painted Ladies.  Walk up the stairs to the top of the hill and enjoy this relaxing park. Parking can be a challenge, other than that well worth the trip.
Postcard row is going through construction and it's pretty ugly to look at.  Lots of obstructions that make for some pretty horrible photos...=(I also think this is the HARDEST place to find parking in SF.Just a fair warning to all who think on visiting this summer!
JUNE 2014: Under construction so that was a fail. But I'm sure its nice when its not. I took public transportation here and it was a breeze. I'm sure parking would be hard.
I love this park.  The views of the city are fantastic.  We spent the better part of a Sunday afternoon here hanging out under an old cedar tree along with hundreds of other people.Very mellow crowd--hipster-ish with babies and tattooed moms.  Interesting mix.  A San Francisco original.  Then again, it was 4/20.......
I absolutely love this area of the city. It is so cute and clean, unlike most parts of SF. The Painted Ladies are located in this area and people come here to sit, relax, have a picnic and take in the beautiful scenery. The park itself it pretty good size so even though it is pretty filled with people, you can always find a spot to sit down and enjoy the view. Also, if you were a fan of the show Full House growing up, this is a place you need to check out!
BUCKETLIST FINALLY CHECKED!If there is absolutely one thing you should know about me, know that I LOVE FULL HOUSE! "YOU GOT IT DUDE!" says Michelle Tanner.I can't believe it has taken me so long to finally visit Alamo Square, but boy, was I a happy camper. =DOn a nice day, Alamo Square is a great place to hang out and have a picnic!
If you've watched Full House, this park is a must see.  This is where they filmed the opening credits!  Of course, this area also has some of the best examples of the "painted ladies" (old Victorian houses) in the city.The park itself is not the biggest (2 blocks 2 blocks or so), and it's a bit hilly, but the green space is definitely nice for chillaxing.Other than the painted ladies, there are several other really cool-looking houses if you walk around the outer perimeter of the block.
Alamo Square Park is to SF, what the Washington Square Park is to NYC. Whenever I feel like just talking a walk at random or rolling down the grassy hill in the city, I come here. No, seriously. I actually roll down the grassy inclines each time I come here. The place is filled with tourists, obviously. As the Painted Ladies have been featured in countless movies and TV shows. Recently, they are contemplating the return of "Full House", so that should be interesting indeed.The park does have a feeling of a small town park with houses surrounding the park. With the ban on double decker tourist buses, it feels even more calm. The views; as with any hilly park of the city are amazing. You'll see the sweeping views of San Francisco. It does get windy at times, so unless you're a tourist, surely you'll have a light jacket or a scarf with you already. I don't ever leave home without a light jacket, or a zip hoodie. (It's second nature.)The tall trees towards the center of the park are a beautiful backdrop to the already gorgeous park. You won't find this park crowded; like say, Dolores Park, which can be insanely crowded at certain days. But as long as it's not raining, you'll definitely find people here enjoying the park. They also have a small playground for the kiddos. I sometimes go on the swings if I have more time, just to feel like a kid again. Plus, who doesn't like to go on a swing? Parking is definitely not an issue. Those who can't find parking are newcomers to the city or simply visitors. Drive a block or two and you'll find plenty of parking. I've had lunch at this park numerous times, and unlike eating at the parks at The Embarcadero, it never gets old."Welcome to the neighborhood." My, neighborhood.:)
