Um, most beautiful park ever? As scary as I find some of those San Francisco hills to drive up, it's places like this where you get the most insanely beautiful views where I see what all the fuss is about. Le fiance, a few friends and I tried to hit up Pug Sunday here yesterday. Unbeknownst to us, pugs don't come out when it rains so that was kind of a bust. (Or Pug-st? Teehee. So many easy pug puns). But it was such a beautiful view and walk around the park - none of us minded!! If we could enjoy this park in rainy, 45 degree SF winter weather, I can only imagine how fun it is on a pretty summer or spring day with a picnic. Bottom line: check it out!!
Pretty with great views of the ocean and city. Big park with playground for kids and lots trees. Great place for jogging and running up stairs
There is nothing like being on top of the world and looking down on everything around you. My one visit to Alta Plaza Park literally took my breath away. First from the uphill walk to the park. Then from the 50 to 75 steps one climbs to get to the main level. And finally from the majestic, cloud-shrouded views of the city around me. I get an ache of sadness knowing that my city doesn't have these views. We lugged a parcel of pastries from nearby b. Patisserie, found a pleasant sun-drenched bench, and gobbled up a kouign amann while watching surprisingly great tennis. My lucky day to catch two former collegiate female players and their perfect strokes. Tennis courts, oh yes tennis courts. Three courts I believe. Ahh...I am a sucker for beautiful tennis courts. How I wished I had my racquet with me. One day, you beautiful courts perching on the top of San Francisco...one day I will be back to play you.We never made it to the uppermost level of the park, but it looked like a tree shaded pinnacle with some more benches, and provided a bit more distance from the babble of noises from the playground.
Good place for a creative, fun stair workout! You want stairs? Oh, they GOT stairs. I use to come here during early mornings as part of a bootcamp class. Good views. Place has tennis courts and playgrounds also. Filmore Street is just a block away. Not that much street parking.
4 Stars for the vast, green park, cute doggies, and breath-taking alluring view of the City, baby! My mentor lived nearby and wanted to take her cute canine out for a breath of fresh air. She pointed out that Alta Plaza was the closest park but also a great one too. Driving up SF hills, I was surprised to see that the whole park itself is slanted on a whole block. There is 2 hour parking all around the park, so hopefully you can score a spot! You will always see dogs and children running around, so if you dislike either of those, don't come here haha. BUT do come here if you enjoy a beautiful SF overview! It does get chilly up top this hilly park so bring a light jacket! For the most part, the park is well-kept although there are some dry parts of grass here and there. There is a great kids park at the peak of the park, just make sure to watch your kid so they don't fall off the hill haha.As everyone else has mentioned, there are tennis courts, basketball court, restrooms, etc. Nice park overall. Magical for a picnic date ;)
Like the basketball courts - sometimes hard to find others for a pickup game but I've looked on unofficialchat.slack.com to find people that are free on the #pickupbball channel which usually works
Pug meet ups are every first Sunday of the month at the top of the hill! I went for the pug meet up and was welcomed by all the pugs in the neighborhood. It was a great experience. The park itself is spacious and there is a nice jungle gym for the kids. Since it is in sf, there are of course, high winds so make sure to bring a jacket! If I were to come to the meet up again, I'd bring a packed lunch, blanket, and camera ready. Pugs at the meet up are usually unleashed to roam around and play and I'd recommend doing the same for your pug unless it has a tendency to runaway.
Growth story.Follow these guys: adrenalinroom.comFind this guy: Giant tree on the north end of the park provides excellent shade while enjoying one of those warm San Francisco days. In fact there are plenty of trees throughout the park. Plenty of views too. You'll leave with plenty of reasons why, despite many challenges, the city can still capture your heart. Music just might capture your ears.
Now that this is my new hood, Felix and  I can't get enough of this park.   It is laid out so favorably.  From wide open grassy flats, to tiered walking paths,  stairs,  and that same clumpy grass type covering the hills that snarls my golf balls in the rough, each day here is different.   There's enough space for everyone and I think that's the beauty.  You can sit on one of the many benches overlooking the city,  or spread out a blanket,  and never get interrupted by a dog,  a kid, a tennis ball,  a homeless person...The sun shines last on the crest of this park, while shade has descended on other parts of the city, which you can watch from your perch.
Another patch of green in the beautiful city... with a magnificent view!A lot of various paths and a lot of grass... popular with the pups.Playground is awesome. It's huge and spread out, one side for little ones and one for older kids. There are plenty of benches for parents to sit on, and some tables also if you wanna have a picnic, all inside the gates of the playground so you can keep a watchful eye on your kid.It does tend to get overrun by older kids during the after school hours. If you have a toddler, I would recommend coming here in the morning or early afternoons.The view is really breathtaking. We were lucky to come on a sunny day, but I can imagine how cold and windy it gets on a cooler day.
A cool park that is often overlooked for the more cliche SF spots. Great views of the city and an interesting terrain. Reminds me a little of Lafayette, but less busy.
Very, very beautiful views. Note - for dog owners, I didn't see any fenced section, so if your dog does not have great recall, you might want to keep the leash on. It's a great park with tennis courts and a lovely big play area, and plenty of grassy spots to sit and read or take in the view. Very dog friendly - so a winner in my book. There is an approach on the corner of Clay/Pierce that has steep steps, so go round the side if you don't feel like the extra exercise!
Beautiful view overlooking the city. It's a perfect place to take a jog or just to talk a stroll. You'll be greeted with many furry friends and if you're lucky, you'll even encounter a man walking his cat on a leash. I had the opportunity to watch his cat climb a tree haha. It is a bit windy but the scenic views are amazing.
Generally quiet and not as crowded as other parks. There's enough space around the park to still yourself and gather your thoughts. Nice view.
Probably my favorite park in the city. The view is absolutely gorgeous; because it's such an epic climb from the bottom you can see most of the city! Likewise, if you walk towards Jackson street when you're at the top you also get an amazing view of the bay.The playground seems awesome, really family-friendly, and there's usually a bunch of cute dogs running around so that doesn't hurt either. Go! And take a picnic! Woo!
Nice city park. True story... Sitting on a bench not far away are two women chatting and occasionally yelling at their dogs. One dog (Coffee (sp) - a Schnauzer) seemed to be particularly overreaching and disappeared frequently which was was made more obvious by the amount of yelling... Coffee...CoFFeee...COFFEEEEEEeeee. Along comes a woman with a medium sized poodle on a leash pleading, "Does anyone know who's dog this is?!?!", pointing to Coffee who is hump-hump-humping the poor poodle. The poodle and her owner were clearly not amused. Finally Coffee's owner claimed the beast but not before he made a couple of last ditch attempts to nail the poodle on the fly. After the poodle woman left, Coffee's owner could be heard explaining to her friend, "If you don't want your dog to interact with other dogs you shouldn't bring it to the park." 5 stars for this stupid slice of life.
Very nice playground with a great view of the city. Very big too. I took my son here and we played for a few hours. Parking can be tough as you park along the area, but it is also surrounded by houses, so it can be tough.
PUG SUNDAY is every first sunday of the month in the afternoon. PUG SUNDAY is the greatest thing I've ever experience. If I ruled the world, it would be PUG SUNDAY EVERYDAY.
Great structures, great views but NO SHADE! On a hot day this place is a bit miserable. Other parents and I were clamoring under the slides for some relief. Only able to spend about 20 minutes there but I'll be back on a cool day!
Love this park!  It has a great view of the city.  Perfect place to bring a blanket and picnic on a nice day.  I like to watch sunset here.    The playground at the top is large with lots of activities for a variety of ages.There are a lot of stairs, benches, tennis courts, bathrooms and plenty of green area.  Good mix of people.  Families, couples, friends, people working out and people taking in the view.Street parking is available around the park.  Park towards the top if you don't want to walk up the stairs.  It can get super cold here on windy and foggy days, be sure to layer up on most SF days.
Now this is a city park to love. Who wouldn't want to live near a park like this? Either give me the lively cacophony of Washington Square Park in the Village in NYC or give me the tranquility and spectacular views of this one. You can leave the rest to the young moms and agile dogwalkers who just need a path to pick up their poop (hopefully). I meant the dogwalkers or more specifically, the dogs they're walking, the dogwalkers themselves and the moms I don't know. Maybe. It's quite a climb up Fillmore to get here, at least it was for me and Jamie W. since we didn't bother getting on a MUNI. We were more interested in hitting five digits with our FitBits.Anyway, Alta Plaza is a four-square-block patch of greenery laid out on multiple levels with three hard surface tennis courts (...it's Pac Heights after all) and a small playground in its center. The terraced lawns on the southern half is really the best part because you get a panoramic view of how the 1% live. OK, maybe the 3%. On the northern side is the prospect of walking down Pierce to the Marina, a steep climb down among the wealthy residents who clearly have servants who carry them down to Lombard Street. BTW, did you know the reason the steps here are chipped is because Peter Bogdanovich filmed the chase scene in "What's Up, Doc?" with Barbra Streisand and Ryan O'Neal's VW bug here? So blame Barbra, you Republicans.
We went here for a pug meet up. So many good looking dogs at this park. Stayed on top of the hill. It was really windy up there but the view is amazing. View of sailboats at the bay was beautiful! There's a playground here for kids, parking isn't that bad and it's close to filmore street. I love shopping there and usually park near this park to go. This park is a good place to just chill. Also, if you wanna work out, there a set of steps to run up and down.
In all of San Francisco, this is my 2nd favorite park. It's close enough to Fillmore street, that you can pick up a coffee, and go to the park to hang out on the stairs or the hill. There's basketball courts and tennis courts and a kids playground which is great for families. I see a lot of dogs around the park, and if you're on the side by Washington and Pierce, you see a glimpse of the Marina, and you can actually walk down to the Marina that way! I love this park, especially at night time. We hung out with a a few friends once, and joined a couple who was drinking champagne from the bottle, just chillin' and enjoying the city lights and views. It does have amazing views, and really makes you appreciate everything around you.
This is my favorite neighborhood park, best after grab a coffee from Tully's down the street and seat by a bench to watch clouds drift by, dogs play, children giggle and young couples who are in love, all with blue ocean and occasional slow moving ships in the background. asmalltrip.com/v/a-few-h…
New grass is nice (and has unusually long blades?!) but watch out for dog-owners who don't pick-up after their dogs well becasue the grass makes" things" linger (hopefully not on your shoes!)North end of the park is full with dogs-off leash is actually NOT OK but people are generally well-behaved. Also good views of the bay from this part.Tennis courts/hoops are first-come. Well maintained.Playground is nice for the kids.Least windy on the east side (facing Steiner St).
One of my favorite parks in the city, I think this is great since you get a nice view of the bay and usually great weather, without the hoards of people you usually get at the more popular spots like Dolores Park or Alamo Square.  It's not too lively, but others are definitely there, but still very quaint and relaxed.  If you're looking for a great spot to read a book on a nice sunny and warm San Francisco day, this is it.
If you play tennis, this is a premier destination. Not that the courts are particularly well-maintained, it's the view, the view from Pacific Heights will leave you spellbound. The northern-most court provides shelter from wind whilst the other two (one doubles as a basketball court) posture your match in a setting of incomparable grace. The playground is a curtain raiser, with children in their jollity. And you can picnic on the turf with the Sunday Times.
This park has the ideal playground for kids (and adults) of all ages!* The playground is large, with an area for younger kids and an area for older kids.* The entire play area is gated.* The gym sets are of good quality.  The dome climber has sturdy ropes and the seesaw has good springs -- none of that fulcrum stuff when I was a kid.* The rubber soft ground landing makes it safe for those prone to falling, like the little ones who are starting to walk.* There are benches for parents to chat while their kids are playing together, and tables for snack breaks.* There is an amazing view of the city.*** Get ready for this: There is a bathroom and it is actually clean!!! ***No, I am not making this up.
Love this park. The playground is very big and roomy and mostly rubberized turf.  The view is spectacular as well!! Check my view pics!! It's always clean here with no trash in sight.  Parking can be tough as there isn't a parking lot.  You're kids will love it!!!!
If you have kids the playground seems to be a hit and the views from up there are awesome. Plenty of grassy areas for lounging or a picnic. The park is pretty dog friendly and there are some areas where dog owners and their pups tend to congregate and it's off leash (mostly the North-West corner). There is also a basketball court and a couple tennis courts. On the South side you'll find a very long set of stairs where athletic types like to train (beats the boring StairMaster!). One of the better, safer, cleaner parks in the city.
My favorite neighborhood park hands down.  Nice playground for the kids with sweeping views to the south, including Sutro Tower on Twin Peaks.  On the north grassy side of the park you can look out to Tiburon across the water.  This is a dog-friendly park, however it's always muddy on the north side so it can get messy if you have a furry friend.  There's a basketball court and decent tennis courts.On the south side of Alta Plaza, there's a ton of steps up hill.... and there's always people exercising up and down these steps channeling their inner Rocky Balboa.
Snugly located amongst rows of really fancy looking houses, this place has a very homely upscale kid-friendly park vibe. It's not a huge park, but still it manages to encapsulate many of the things that you'd want a park to have - a nice playground area for kids with all your swings, and slides and stuff, a couple of small trails around its periphery that offer you a good view of the miniature hills that lie in between Pac Heights and the Golden Gate Park, a tennis court colored to look like a grass court and another one colored to look like a clay court (that was kinda cute), and in general a very dewy freshy feel to the air.
God bless the city planner who looked at these four city blocks and decided: "You know what? We're not going to build any houses here. Yeah, it's got a great view, and yeah, the tax revenue from this ritzy neighborhood would pay for a dozen parks elsewhere, but we're going to open it up to the public."What looks at first to be a fairly plain park actually holds a lot of options... you can climb (or run) the huge staircase along Clay St., you can put your kid in a swing or a sandbox at the playground, you can play a game of tennis or basketball in the secret courts, and you can have a picnic with a view of the bay to the north. Oh, and then there's pug Sunday.Even on a lousy day, Alta Plaza park is a great place to be. If there's a strong wind from the West, just hide out at the bottom of a slope on the leeward side of the hill.
I stumbled upon this park at night -  awhile back with a friend and fell in love.Looming amove the city with an unparalleled view of San Francisco in it's dazzling evening lit glory - Alta Plaza Park takes on a surreal quality. They have it all  -from basketball courts, tennis courts, a sturdy jungle gym - which is well matched for older kids, and a vast expanse of land for dogs to frolic in.I plan on coming back here soon to practice some night-pull ups on the monkey bars.Trust.
This is a great park. The view is breathtaking. I love sitting here with coffee and a good book. Sometimes I people watch, sometimes I attempt to jog around the perimeter. Whatever I choose to do, this park supports me 100%.
LOVELY park! I love it. It is so beautiful. I biked there. And carried the bike up the steps. I love the view of the bay with lots of benches, that were all occupied the other evening with love birds enjoying views. The playground looks like a lot of fun and can't wait to return soon with my little one. And the paths look perfect for getting some running in. Soft pavement and great hills to inprove my pace ;-)
I love this park because I am a pug owner and enthusiast and they host San Francisco's Pug Sunday the first Sunday of every month.  People tend to show up maybe around 11am or so, and meet with their pugs and let them all run around with the other pugs.  The dogs love it and the people are very nice and sociable.  PugPROS (Pug Rescue of Sacramento) often shows up as well and brings dogs who need foster care/new families.  I come from out of town, so parking can be a total pain, but after circling for a while, I tend to find something within a block or two.Many owners take their dogs off of their leashes but they are all very mindful of cleaning up any bathroom messes.  I always bring a towel or two to sit on, an igloo mug full of chilled water, a dog bowl for the water, and some treats for the dogs.  I also always bring a book and a camera but never read the book because I'm too entertained by all the funny dogs running around.  Pug mixes and other breeds are always present as well, and they all seem to have a blast running around together.
LOVE this park. We walk up to the park every Saturday and Sunday morning after getting our coffee at Starbucks. Such a great, welcoming, bright, clean, and well used space. We've been caught living vicariously through the beautiful dog owners who bring their pups to play ball at the off-leash park, and watch plenty of good (and bad) tennis amateurs. The basketball hoops could have their own place, but oh well. Lots of kids and parents on the playground in the morning, and boot camps using the infamous Alta Plaza steps as part of their workout.Tip: if you have a hyperactive dog, stand at the top of the South side of the park and throw the ball all the way down and watch your dog run up a 75ft elevation change multiple times..that'll tire the pup out!
A gem ! Simply love this park. It's got great views , benches , tennis courts. A lot of times there are community events held here and I simply love em !
This is one of most spectacular park in San Francisco and has some amazing views.   I commute into the City to work here temporarily, and love finding some space and play area.   So lovely.   It starts my day connected to life, Spirit, and the people here.   Lots of dogs, children, and walkers/runners.   Great place to hang out.  Denese S.
I love this park! Amazing views of the city, great playground for the kiddos and a great set of stairs if you are feeling like some cardio!I'm doing Playball sports skills for preschool kids at this park once a week, check out the Playball website for more info:deedee.usaplayball.com
This is one the best parks I have been to.. Awesome views of the city, steep climbs within the park. It has a nice tennis court and a playground area. Perfectly suited for picnics and get togethers and is dog friendly as well. Offcourse the best part is that its just three blocks from my home. As good as it gets.
One of the best parks I've ever taken my kids!! While waiting for our car to get detailed along Bush, we walked around and yelped this park up. Very very safe. Seriously, just park your stroller in a corner and let your kiddies go!! The walk was a bit steep pushing a stroller, but it was the only flat* way to get to the park. Definitely a park to check out if ever in the Fillmore area with kids.
I love this park. It has amazing views (and one particular park bench with a view of Alcatraz!) Good for dogs, couples, families, picnics. Last week I saw a bum and a pile of puke, but I've never seen that before, ever. Tennis courts and a kids' park.I would LOVE to see fourth of july fireworks from this place at night. Oh, and the bathroom is very clean.
Bring a hat and a sweater it's very windy! This park is big, pet friendly, great for families, and big groups. I am partial to it because everyone I go to Alta Plaza Park for the San Francisco Shih Tzu Meetup Group. There are also tennis courts, bathrooms, and a playground. It is also close to Filmore Street so it's easy to grab a sandwich and then take it to the park for a picnic.
I review restaurants, Ruggles reviews dog food stores. I review clubs, Ruggles reviews parks. And Ruggles gives Alta Plaza Park 5 stars!We stopped by Alta Plaza yesterday even though it was raining because we were in the area. We played lots of throw, catch, and chase with the ball and met nice families and nice other dogs. Ruggles wished he could play on the colorful, fancy play structure but seemed pretty satisfied playing with his slobbery, muddy ball. The grass was lush and he enjoyed tons of wide-open space all to himself.I enjoyed the great views and the availability of clean restroom facilities. We definitely plan to be back!
Stumbled upon this park after some light window shopping on Fillmore, and it's a real gem. I've only been in the day time and its views are breathtaking.Can't wait to come at night and see the City lights!Safe neighborhood, lots of families, dogs and no sketchy people. Good for doing a little light running on stairs (lots of em!), but also VERY relaxing and peaceful even though there's a park with kids and a good amount of people.I'll definitely be back!
This review is only about 4th of July fireworks. We went to Alta Plaza Park to watch fireworks. We were able to see most of them, though some were too low and our view was obstructed by some of the homes. There were a lot of people there, but we got their 40 minutes before the start and easily found some space.
This park has great views of the city, and isn't on the tourist's to-do list, like Alamo Square Park is. Great place for kids, pets, adults alike. There's a nice playground that's fenced in, paths for walking and grassy areas for picnics.The only thing I noticed were the trash bins, they were more like dumpsters, than the regular green ones found in all the other parks; what's that about?Parking is relatively easy, and safety isn't really a concern here. Go out and enjoy your weekend al fresco!
Pug Sundays!flickr.com/photos/c3whit…
I love this park!  It is so pretty and gives you great 360 degree views of SF!I have a pug and we love coming here for the Pug Meet Up every first sunday of the month.  It really is a great park for dogs.  You can let them run off leash (as long as you keep a good eye on them, of course) or walk them on the many tiers of the park.Great on a sunny day and in the spring the cherry blossoms bloom and the park looks heavenly.
OHHHHH, ALTA PLAZA.... You and I have so many memories.  There's a lot of trees, it's on a hill, and it has a killer view.  There are hella stairs, if you're into running stairs.  You're in Pac Heights so you're usually dealing with a snobbier crowd.  It's right by Fillmore Street so there's a ton of shops nearby.The playground is usually what I go for, at this point.  It's always crowded and after 3pm, when the big kids get out of school, it can turn into a mad house. But it has a gate all around it and a small divider (not a big deterrent) for babies and bigger kids.  There's a huge jungle gym too.
This park is SO cute and the views are crazy! We walked our poochie here today and had a great time. We even found parking in the area. Overall, it was a great Sunday in the sun!
Wery nwice Swan Fwrancisco cwity pwark, one of the hwighest in the cwity with wery nwice view to the nworth, swouth and east.Nwice unfwenced area for dwogs to run but to be pwerfect nweed sepwarate fwenced areas for bwig and smwall dwogs, which is swadly lwacking in mwost of this cwity's pwarks.Excwellent plwayground for the kwids, one of the bwest in the cwity!Dog friendly, unfwenced, but cwan run off lweash.
I can't believe that I've lived here my whole life and found this park by accident. I was running the in the neighborhood with my lovely gfs and we were like, "Oh! Babies!" And then we saw the VIEW. And what a view it is! It reaffirms the value of the cost of living in this city of mine. We've returned to the park to enjoy picnic lunches that we purchased from Fillmore Street. And for better or worse, there are tons of dogs here. I like the ones with disciplined parents.
[From our dog.]Dear Alta Plaza Park,Thank you for hosting the monthly Pug Sunday.  I have been several times and have sniffed a lot of friends.  You don't seem to have any food dispensers, though.  You should give me free nuggets.  Anyway, I like your grass toilets.  Most of all I like to visit you because I can run free and disobey my masters' commands not to lick strangers in their mouths.  I like your breathtaking views to the south and like how I can see Alcatraz island.  My parents let me watch the Blue Angels from you and I saw a gopher.  My dad said to say he always can manage to find a parking spot close by, too.
Brought a dog that I was pet sitting here for a walk. Spectacular views of the city, friendly people, beautiful sunny day...heaven. You can go for an extended walk around beautiful Pac Heights as well. I am a fan.
Okay so it gets foggy.Okay, so the wind whipping across the northern end of the park by Jackson Street sometimes feels like it's the Arctic Express barreling in off the ocean.So what?!The views from Alta Plaza are among the most wonderful in the City (other favorites include Alamo Square and Dolores, of course), it's nearby Fillmore Street so you can grab a quick bite before frolicking with the kids and dogs or snare a meatball sandwich at Dino's (corner of California and Fillmore) and hunker down on a bench or one of the logs at the very top of the park looking south.Want to play tennis? If it's a nice day, get there early because the courts fill as soon as the sun cuts across the skyline when it's sunny!Have a dog? Technically the "legal" off-leash areas are only on the south side of the park, but those who frequent the park frequently (a group of which I am one) there's a gentle person's agreement. The dog people keep their canine kids in line, and the two-footed pups don't dig holes either - unless they're in the S-WEET sandbox in the playground. And yes, that's me, an adult effusively commenting ... on a sandbox.  I mean, who doesn't like building sand castles right? Especially in this park where they have a built-in crane/digger thing.Admittedly I don't spent much time on the playground as my kid has four feet and a penchant for running in circles and chasing a ball, but it looks swell.So come on by ... and if see a rather large, silvery shaggy dog named Truman racing around, I'm not far away.
Had a nice walk with my two pooches here on a sunny afternoon. The weather was nice with barely any fog, so we were able to see a great view of the city.  The park was very clean and serene. Saw a few other people walking their dogs too. Others were sitting in the grass and eating their lunches. There's several tennis and basketball courts and a children's playground. Great park to just walk around and hang out in. I'll probably go back and picnic there one day.
Beautiful city views to the south, lovely marina views to the north, and possibly the cleanest park bathrooms I have ever had the pleasure of encountering.  That's Pacific Heights for you, I suppose.  I don't have a dog, but this is a popular place for them.  Plenty of benches and lawn space, sun and shade.  Me, half a bottle of wine, Alta Plaza Park, and the Sunday NYT crossword had a great Valentine's Day...
Great Park, What a view, lots of benches and stairs to exercise up and down on.  Fantastic upgraded playground for youngsters.  Easier parking and fantastic place to spend time while you are waiting for someone to get their braces placed at the local dental school just 3 blocks away.  As mentioned above, views of the city are 5 star.  If you have a doggie great park to take them or just want to look at doggies having fun.
Pretty nice views peeking out from behind equally nice houses. A great place to come to relax on a sunny afternoon but not quite the Hippie Hill or Dolores. You can see the marina, Angel Island, and on an exceptionally clear day - Mt. Diablo
WOW, stunning park. Very very different from Lafayette (I live a block away). The tiers remind me of the older pyramids or Mayan ruins. Extremely unique layout. I strolled through there on a late night, it was very foggy and made for a pretty surreal scene when I got to the top. Like Lafayette, very dog-friendly. But once you get to the top there are some well kept tennis courts and playground.
Beautiful park, breath-taking views (come on a non-foggy day, if you can find one in our wonderful city!  :)Great place to come for some peace & quiet, a mini-get away.   Also a great place to come check out lots of cute dogs!
Sweet little park with an epic view. This place is Pure Nor Cal.There is the south side and the north side.In the spring flowers bloom by the tennis courts. Keep this place secret. Its nice. Share that bottle of wine on a gorgeous sunny SF day!
i've passed this park a couple of times with going there with my son in mind. while looking for a place to scarf down a sandwich from Lucca. I was surprised when i got to the top of the stairs to find a fenced in playground for kids. my son went ballistic when he started to play on the grounds manuevering new toys to experience in the playyard. No strange people roaming the park which is a plus. very relaxing place to see the city from a far.
Our son can't get enough of this park! The playground area is an enclosed area that houses a side for older kids and side for much younger kids. Usually I'm opposed to my son playing in the sand because he gets very dirty, but the sand at this park is clean and almost pebbly. Even though there are a lot of people at this park, the space to run around and play is grand. Nothing is cramped--the space between all the apparatuses have so much allowance. On a clear beautiful SF day, the views of the city are magnificent! It's all street parking because it's in the middle of a Pacific Heights neighborhood, but we have never had trouble finding any.
The best thing about this park is that it's quiet.  The higher you go the quieter it gets.  It's not even located around noisy streets in the first place.  Everyone is pretty respectful of the tranquil atmosphere.  Stroller moms keep hum to each other, dogs don't bark madly, and book readers can be found enjoying their literature.Ideal for anyone willing to take a walk or nap.  Dogs are common yet they don't overpopulate the place.  If you want to do step exercises, there's a lot of wide stairways for you.  You could even do a run up a la Rocky Balboa.The paved paths are surrounded my semi-unkept grass; yet, the grass is unbelievably green.  The walk up rewards you with a great view of the city.  I ended up laying on a bench listening to my iPod.  Sun bathing never felt so good.
Beautiful park with great vistas. What more do you want in this part of the city?
This park is beautiful and clean.  A nice park to lounge around and get a little sun.  The pup loves it too!  Just wish it had more protection from the street for the pup.
Nice assortment of shady and sunny spots to chill out.  Good views in all directions.  Parking isn't too bad on a weekday, but watch out for the meter maids which have multiplied as the city looks for more money.  Grass is a bit jacked up in places.  Good breezes from being on top of a hill.  No seediness seen.
Beautiful park, beautiful view over the marina and into the bay, lots of fun trees to climb if you're itching to relive those childhood days, or pretend you're on top of macchu picchu as mentioned earlier.  Each level of this park has something different to offer: a playground,  tennis courts, trees... what else could you want?  maybe a beer.
Every first sunday of the month, a convention of pugs gather here for a fine time of play, sniff, poop, and mingle. If you're a pug lover, you have to visit Alta Plaza park!Once in a while, you'll spot a golden retreiver amongst the crowd of panting pugs. It's quite a sight.
On a sunny day, this park shines!I took my baby Parsley (shih-tzu) there for a Shih-Tzu meet up! heuheuheu. There were many little shih-tzu all playing around at the park. SO lovely!Park has great views of the city, Alcatraz and has tennis courts, kids playground area..etc. Really nice park, we meet there almost every month and you can go without a leash!=)Enjoy the park on a sunny day!!=)
PUG SUNDAY!!What more needs to be said?
It does get breezy up here in Pac Heights so bring a warm sweater or jacket. Just beyond Pierce St is a great view of the bay and its boat sailors. Also, if you plan to stay for awhile and feel the need to sit, I usually bring a picnic blanket for my friends and the dogs. You might want to think twice about bringing snacks and beverages because I guarantee you will have a group of food sniffing and treat begging pugs at your lap ; DYesterday's meetup was absolutely crazy! There was a good show of dog owners and pugs.  I couldn't count how many puggies there were. A friend, first time goer and father of two pugs, said he was getting all dizzy from just trying to keep track of his own dogs and that it was Pug Heaven.First Sunday of the Month --------------- Pug Sunday at Alta Plaza Park
You dog will be so happy you brought them here. There is a fun off-leash (unofficial I presume) area on the upper bay-side of the park. On the other, city-side of the park, amazing views with benches which facilitates sitting with your sig other or just taking it all in. If you have little kids there is a great enclosed playground here as well, also with amazing city views. FYI: It is often windy at the top of the hill, so bring a windbreaker!
So this is where they hide all the children in San Francisco!!Seriously though, I haven't seen so many kids in all my time living in this adult-dominated city as I did during today's stroll through Alta Plaza. The park's playground is fairly expansive and definitely beckoned to my inner child. The running, laughing children were adorable and almost made me want a miniature person of my own to justify playground trips...that is, until one fell off a swing and started screeching uncontrollably, at which point I thanked god that I'm 23 and single. Even for those yet unencumbered by strollers, this is a lovely place to stroll and take in a breathtaking view of the city. It also seems to be a popular destination for dog walkers. I love the tiered landscaping...if you go down a few levels, you can almost escape the playground ruckus.
Big open park with lots of grassy area. Picnicked with KFC (review to follow) and a little too much beer for about five hours in the sun. Needless to say, SPF 4 didn't do me much good. Good times had by all, especially the tourists we waved at as the drove by in a double-decker. Oh, and kudos to the park for fantastic proximity to corner store markets, which were great for when we ran out of beer.
I came here looking for the "painted lady" houses from the TV show, "Full House," which I later learned (by losing a bet and paying for dinner) was some where else in the city.Nevertheless, this is quite an impressive park...kind of reminds me of a Mayan or Aztec temple since the bottom is wide and it gets narrower as you go up the stairs. At each indentation, there are park benches for you to admire the city view. At the very top are tennis courts and a playground for kids. There's a lot of green grassy area to sunbathe, picnic, read a book, etc. On a clear day, you can see the tip of USF's cathedral, Mt. Sutro and even more. Parking wasn't too bad on a sunny Sunday afternoon and even though it may be sunny and warm, bring a light jacket, because it's still a bit windy at the top!
