Love this Museum and what they had to offer.  We came by here for the first time last month, when they had the free museum day.  Since we didn't have much to do and just happened to be in the city that particular day, why not take advantage of the opportunity.When we finally went inside, I thought it was going to be a small exhibit.  We ended up walking around the whole gallery for few hours.  It was a great learning experience to know other cultures and their beliefs.  Many artifacts are so awesome to look at and amazing how they preserved them.And though we got lucky with the free admission fee, I would still recommend this Museum to anyone even if you have to pay to get in.  It really is worth seeing.This place also have nice cafe area and cute souvenir store inside.
We had gone to the museum for their Tasting Menu series.  Mariko Grady of Aedan Fermented spoke on koji, the fungus used to make miso, soy sauce and sake.  Although the seminar was shorter than expected, it was extremely thorough and more time was just unnecessary.  After the presentation there was a great Q&A session and an opportunity to take some miso mix home to wait for fermentation.Since we were already in the building we decided to explore.  Do not expect works of art in the traditional sense so much as historical relics.  In addition, the staff didn't make us feel welcomed at all.  Belongings must remain in your bag, your bag cannot be over your shoulder and don't look at one thing too long.  Before long we gave up and left before seeing what all three floors had to offer.
We visited recently for the Gold / Islamic Courts / Maps exhibit.  Previously we went for the Terra Cotta Warriors and before that it was the Samurai Swords, Armor and Apparel exhibits.  Never have we been disappointed.  The individual items' descriptions bring the exhibit together with continuity and clarity. For the last exhibit we downloaded the AAM and although we didn't use it for the entire visit, when we did use it it was convenient and provided more information that was available on the information placards.  I'm also impressed by the art that was available in the app.  Perhaps I should write a review for the app in the Android store.....hmmm....anyway...We didn't have time to examine the rest of the museum on our most recent trip but on earlier trips we toured most of the building and were impressed by the range of artifacts.  The museum staff / security (?) are very lenient and patient in enforcing policy.  This is the first time I've actually fallen asleep writing a review so I apologize if I've inspired fatigue in you as well, dear reader.  I suppose that if I have a point it's that this place should be visited soon.  Before the artifacts come to life as in the recent series of films with Ben Stiller.  In time everything will be viewable through VR goggles so you can experience it from the comfort of your couch....but I think there's more value in seeing these things on your feet with your own eyes.  Okay that's more than one point but digression is something I'm struggling with. Something with which I'm struggling.  Anyway we had fun.  Go and you'll have fun too.
Came here for the 50th anniversary weekend. This was a free admission weekend. The building is impressive and grand. There were a lot of nice performances and activities (crafts, calligraphy presentation, music, dancing) which created a really fun atmosphere. This made it really nice for both adults and kids. Even us adults enjoyed trying our hand at making a paper fortune cookie. Plus, it was nice to have a place to sit for just a minute and relax between taking in all this information and history. I did not dine at the cafe but the food looked good. It was also really nice that they have a complimentary coat check for both umbrellas and jackets given that it was a rainy day.The only issue we had was the organization of the exhibits and activities. It was difficult to navigate at times and there was not great signage. Also, they would only allow certain entrances to things without being able to provide clear directions to the appropriate entrance locations.
Asian Art Museum near Civic center is wonder facility.   The exhibits feature beautiful objects and art work from India to China, Korea, Japan and islands through the Pacific.Great programs for families and children.
Not really being a museum kind of guy, I was surprised to have a good time here as I AM a party kind of guy... not really ; ).  One of our banks hosted their holiday party here recently, giving me an opportunity to enjoy this place... at least part of it...for the first time.  Being a Japan based bank, the current exhibit, Looking East, which describes the influence Japan had on impressionist art and vice versa was the perfect theme for this party.This private event was held in the upstairs rotunda where the catering company offered a variety of food and imbibe for its loyal customers.  The food and drink stations were positioned in each corner with four large tables in the center with a variety of foods ranging from dim sum, sushi, and other goodies.After a short appreciation speech by the bank and an informative speech by the museum curator, we were allowed to tour several exhibit rooms on the ground floor.  I was only able to finish one room as the conversation with the hosts took precedence over my tour of this museum.  The security staff were cordial and professional in giving directions and greeting us.  As we left the venue, my guest and I were given this (yelp.com/user_local_phot…).  Happy days... my first holiday gift of the season! Big thanks to Union Bank for this event and the Asian Art Museum for hosting it.  Will be back.
Seems like the main exhibit doesn't change, but the ones that do, require you to pay additional $20 to see, was it worth it? Only if you're super into art. Get the audio tour if you want to listen to the history. I do prefer MOMA more, can't wait til it opens, but this place is worth checking out once.
Worth going on free days which are the first Sunday of each month. I just perused the museum, but they do have some beautiful works. It was very crowded when I went on the free day, but the line to get in went pretty fast.
Excellent museum! Well curated and I love the diversity of the pieces. I went on the free first Sunday's and it was really a nice way to spend the afternoon. I liked the 28 Chinese modern art exhibit as well as the large rice paper installation piece. One of my favorite museums in the city! Their cafe is also top notch and a good place to grab food whether or not you go to the museum.
I liked this one, it's got the typical art pieces I'm used to seeing and have seen in other museums around the US and Europe. It was a long stroll walking from The Beat museum in Broadway and moving through Market St near Tenderloin. The Tenderloin area is little intimidating and considered the "ghetto" of the area according to a few locals I talked to. But this museum is adjacent to city hall probably the public library and other major city offices. Kinda surprising it borders a shady area. They have pretty much all the major historical pieces of South and Southeast Asia and there's a lot to take in. I got here at about 4:30 and they do have a late hour discount of $7. I zipped through most of the standing exhibits. There are a few special exhibits on the ground floor which are an additional expense. This is a rather large museum in a rather large building. Make sure you go earlier in the day and take some time. There's a lot to take in. Nevertheless, I did the impossible and went through it in 30 minutes. Very, very nice museum and well-regulated.
Locals can get in free by district..check online to see which days are free.  Went to the 50th anniversary awesome performances good people and fun environment and lots of gold!!!
Went to AAM recently to see the exhibit 28Chinese.  I wasn't expecting much, but I thought it was pretty good.1st Fl to the left so saw videos - just ok.  Other room had Cola Project - in China artist hired folks to cook down Coke, that stuff is really nasty.  Looks like black lava afterwards.  Hundreds of empty Coke bottles against the wall.other main doors had more art that was interesting.Don't miss the 3rd and 2nd Floor where other 28Chinese artwork are. Get the map when you get your ticket.  Ai WeiWei Ton of Tea; plus Table with 2 Legs.  There's a dead looking man art that's looks like Ai WeiWei.Boat made with 8k sheets of Chinese calligraphy paper is fun to look at & walk through.Worth a visit while exhibit is here now thru Aug 16.  First Sun of each month is FREE.
Went for the "Looking East" exhibition. It was truly amazing but ONLY with the audio. Dont go paying $20 to go in and then skimp on the audio for $5. My only complaint was that the analysis of how east met west was structural and did not go deeper into how the japanese influence helped accentuate the meaning of the painting.Overall, a great exhibition.
Classic San Francisco museum and a must-see for any local or visitor... or anyone looking for a good workout because getting through every exhibit involves a LOT of walking. I remember coming here once as a kid, but I'm glad I got the opportunity to visit again with a group of friends on Free Admission Day, which is the first Sunday of every month.The museum is easy to navigate, and the exhibits are thought-provoking. There are plenty of well-written descriptions throughout each exhibit, and there are guided tours available for those who are interested. The tour guides are so enthusiastic here! Anyways I'm not usually a fan of museums but this one is really worth the visit.
Well worth visiting, especially on a free day. Wasn't overpacked and there was an abundance of space to enjoy all artwork on display. I highly recommend going on a free guided tour to provide insight on certain art pieces and artists. Our guide introduced us to a few of the newer pieces and gave explanations of the techniques used and recommended which pieces to spend more time observing for after the tour. It's about 30-45 minutes, One of the more interesting pieces the guide pointed out was the bamboo baskets. What commoner such as myself would've known how complicated the process is and technique required to make such a thing. I loved the thought provoking and deep statements she made about some of the art. My favorite one was in regards to an artist being asked how he felt when he completes a piece, to which he replied "when is it completed?"
Went to see the Looking East exhibit.  On their website they said the exhibit was the least busy at 3:30, but arriving at that time didn't allow enough time to see the whole exhibit before they closed at 5.  It sucked being rushed through the last 2 rooms of three total.  The curation was a bit stale I think they could have done more to interact with the audience like the OMCA does.  The exhibit seemed more slanted towards history and less about describing art and design techniques that were being shared between cultures.  I think some visual aids would have been perfect for example instead of paragraphs of text on the wall.The audio tour was a bust.  Some of the interviewed people sounded like they were from antique roadshow.  I just want to know about the art concepts, not from an antique collector's perspective.
At $25 per adult on the weekend, this is a...well, let's just say that this is an "ambitiously expensive" museum for San Francisco. It's almost THREE TIMES the price of the De Young. It's $3 more expensive for weekend admission than the Whitney in NYC (which is larger, more diverse, and an architectural icon). It's $9 more than the Louvre!On top of that, it's a zoo. I went toward the end of the Japonisme/Impressionism exhibit, and the special exhibit galleries were so cramped that it was impossible to really look at any of the art. Twenty people would be crowded around a tiny woodblock print at a distance of five feet, trying to squint to see the details. Unpleasant, to say the least. If I hadn't stuck around until 4pm to wait out the crowds, I would have considered the visit to be a total rip-off.The main collection galleries were better, but much closer to a natural history museum than an art museum. Much of the collection consists of statuary and religious artifacts from shrines and tombs around Asia. This is fine, but I wouldn't pay $25 to see it. I'd say that you have to have an archaeologist's level of interest in asian antiquities to justify a visit.I'm definitely not returning on the weekend. It might be more worthwhile at the $10 price point on Thursday nights.
When you get off the plane, you need to walk.... And I'm all for supporting the local arts!  So I went to the Asian Art Museum on the recommendations of a friend and had a lovely Friday afternoon.  The collection of wooden puppet dolls is so different and the room of jade is beautiful!  I was surprised with the new collection of the 1600's maps from the Jesuits and the Chinese - with the Pacific Ocean as the focal point (not the Atlantic).  I appreciate how much from other than China and Japan they had here.  And a big plus is each room has a story board so you know the connection and history - I learned more than any years in school in one afternoon.  If you were local, I'd consider a membership and take it in a bit at a time over the year!
My cousin and I came to the Asian Art Museum to see the 28 Chinese exhibit.  The coolest thing we saw was Boat, by Zhu Jinshi.  It's a huge 40 foot cylinder on its side made from calligraphy paper that you can walk through.  The funny thing is that both of us had the same reaction to the exhibit: it looked like the conical planet killer from the The Doomsday Machine episode from the original Star Trek series.   The main 28 Chinese exhibit covers all sorts of media: videos, photos, sculptures, abstract paintings, pottery, furniture, there's something for everyone.  It's spread out among several rooms on the ground floor.  I liked the paintings and the photos best.In one gallery are what remains when you boil down 127 tons of Coke.  Yes, I said tons.  What's left was a big amalgamation of small black crystals, you can definitely smell it once you open the door to the exhibition hall.  I may never drink Coke again!  There are also items from the 28 Chinese exhibit scattered on the upper floors as well.  I was impressed with the enormity of a ton of tea compressed into a perfect cube.  That was on the second floor.  When we got to the third floor, we only got a quick look around until were were shooed into the elevator.  It was closing time.  Oh well, I guess we have to come back to see the rest of the exhibit!
We went to see the 28 Chinese exhibit this weekend. We went through both the art show as well as the rest of the museum to view the rest of the art. This is a gorgeous museum with lots to keep you busy for a few hours. We wandered through all three floors and enjoyed both the exhibit and everything else. There's options for tours and recordings with headsets if you enjoy that type of feature in a museum. We just wandered around to look at and read the descriptions and enjoyed every bit of it.This is definitely one of the better museums I've been at in a long time! I'll hopefully get a chance to visit other exhibits in the future.
One of my favorite spots in the city - I always make a point to stop by whenever there's a new exhibit. The current one, 28, is awesome; my professional photographer friend and I enjoyed it very much, especially the more experimental pieces. I've also gone to night events and weekend yoga here, both of which can be great.Tips: the first Sunday of every month is free, and there's currently a 5$ after 5 p.m. special, which is also great!
I spent 4 hours here one Saturday while I was getting my car repaired and it was so much fun. I loved learning about all the different types of Buddhas and especially liked an exhibit on fabric made out of pineapple from the Philippines. The exhibit on the Japanese tea ceremony was super cool and informative. I learned about the legend of Moon Rabbit from that exhibit and can't believe I didn't know about Moon Rabbit before! The only odd thing to me was that Mongolia seemed to be hardly represented. The museum shop is fantastic but I had a slightly underwhelming experience in the cafe. I had tea, veggie spring rolls, and a lunch special of veggie maki. The rolls were flavorful, but very sloppily put together and service was erratic. I think in the future I will just opt for tea. Great museum all-around, though.
This is my favorite museum and definitely my favorite thing to do in San Francisco. They keep the exhibits well lit and organized according to each part of Asia. This museum is spectacular! I got in for free with my sister because of the Discover and Go pass that you can get online through your local library. Check it out! I am in love with this museum!  Only negative... parking is a pain and can be expensive.
I greatly enjoy this museum full art great works of art and artifacts from all over the Asian continent.  It's three floors all filled with great works.  It's $15 to get in which is a but high but it's worth it for a couple hours to get out of the cold.  It's one of my favorite museums in the city.
Today, just before walking into the museum on a planned excursion, my platform wedge sandal ripped apart. I mean completely ripped apart. Wedge portion separated from upper. Totally unsalvageable. Making matters more difficult is that I had my 5 year old in her stroller aaaaaaand I was now lopsided, in filthy Civic Center with barely anything between my right foot and someone's urine. I wanted to cry. I took a deep breath, walked into the museum and presented my membership card. I sheepishly asked if they sold any shoes at the gift shop, the front desk person heard my story, didn't know but clearly felt bad for me. I went into the gift shop and, of course, they don't have any shoes, but they did have several amazing employees. They took my shoe pieces down to their shipping department (because they had packing tape and glue) and, in less than 15 minutes, fixed my shoe with packing tape enough so that I could make it 2 blocks to the closest Walgreen's, buy a pair of furry loafer slippers (rubber soled so my feet were shielded from street filth), and return to the museum to resume our day. I know my messy braid was even messier from the wind, my eyes were probably crazy with desperation and the shoe had seen better days (though not enough to warrant falling apart like that lol). I am so grateful to those women for their kindness. So grateful that my daughter could see such kindness. So sorry that, in my haste, I didn't get their names. I almost left and got right back on BART but their offer to fix my shoe literally fixed my day. I love this museum for the beautiful art it houses but those people who helped me today are the real masterpieces.
How often do we really get to travel to another country? What with the expense of plane tickets, exchanging currencies, hotel stay, food and souvenirs, the hassle of going through customs, or just plain out carving enough time away from work and other obligations. Let's get real here. I know I'm herra Asian, but even I have not had the chance to visit the "Motherland."Here at The Asian Art Museum, the continent of Asia and its history is brought to us. The current exhibit beautifully showcases Mandalas which are used in Buddhism and Hinduism as a spiritual guidance tool to help with focus and meditation. Used for centuries, this ritualistic practice is still utilized today. At the museum, you can see various types of intricately drawn Mandalas, carefully preserved from all over Asia. Another interesting thing I discovered is that during this meditative practice, depending upon the specific design of the Mandala, a particular mantra is recited along with it. *Stares off into the distance with peaceful eyes*OmmmmmmmmmmOh I'm so enlightened, I can't stand it. And when you further explore the museum, you travel through different Asian country exhibits ranging from Thailand, Japan, Korea, India, China, Indonesia, and many more. Some of the interesting things I saw, which are showcased all year long, were the Japanese Samurai Masks, the Sandstone Indian Deities which were remarkably detailed in carving that have stood the test of time, Southeast Asian puppets, Korean pottery and decorative urns, and variation upon variation of Buddhas sculpted and treasured through the eyes of each culture. Phew! What an experience. I was able to get a little taste of the different traditions, the values, the honor, the religions, the turmoil, the statuses, the victories and defeats, riches and possessions, the spirituality and humanity of Asian history.It was a very extraordinary visit. I was also excited to see MOMA's collection coupled with The Asian Art Museum in the collaborative Gorgeous exhibit. Here is where beauty and expression is explored. How often are we challenged in our thought process when it comes to perception? This exhibit was very playful and fun and definitely gets you thinking about whether true beauty is an actual feeling and experience or is it just a visual sensory effect. Ah who knowsssss dahling?! *bats lashes*This monster size of a museum is directly across from City Hall and is right next to the SF Main Public Library. Huge in size, no corner is left untouched. Immaculately detailed and architecturally stunning, inside and out.Admission depends on the day and time, but it's very fair in price. Adults $15Youth (13-17) $10Children (12 and under) FREEThis to me is a whole helluva lot cheaper than a trip to Asia if one does not have the means to travel at the present moment. Oh and who doesn't like a cheapie freebie? Uhhhh Herro!Fun place to check out on your day off. Pay a little extra for a guided tour. Totally worth it. Enjoy!
The joys of being in college sometimes require you to make a little trip to museums. I needed to come here for my Art History class on Non-Western art. Admission can be pricey, but you can get a discount with a student ID. It's also free admission on the first Sunday of every month. For general adult admission it was $15. And I believe for the special exhibits would have been another extra $5. The special exhibit today was about how "Japan influenced western artists like Van Gogh." I was considering if I should have went to this exhibit but decided not to since my art history class was focusing on non-western arts. I thought it would have been a very fascinating exhibit though. The museum itself was wonderful, the galleries were amazing and I was just in awe of the cultures embodied into these art pieces. This museum also has a little gift shop as well as a restaurant/cafe on the first floor. My only bad experience was that I was wearing a thick jacket and a backpack so I gave only my jacket to coat check. The girl working at the coat check area gave me a little black circle with a number and she clearly saw that I had a backpack on. As I was taking photos for my assignment on the 2nd floor, the security guard stops me and tells me that backpacks aren't allowed and that I needed to give it to coatcheck. I was a bit angry because no one said I couldn't bring my backpack with me, especially not the girl working at coat check who clearly saw me with my backpack. So I go back downstairs and give my backpack to her to put with my jacket, and she can't find it. Apparently the number she gave me was not the official locker number but a coat hanger number, and she was fumbling around confused at where she put my jacket. I was at a loss for words because my jacket was misplaced and the number she gave me wasn't even the official locker tag. Sigh. In the end I got my jacket and backpack back and I left. I think the people here need to make it clear that backpacks aren't allowed because not EVERYONE knows that. Also coat check department needs to step up their organizing skills.
I haven't been here since the days it was the old main library!  They kept some of the architecture from the library days but the space is now bright and airy.  We had a docent led tour that includes a brush painting class. This is a school sponsored trip, not something that's available if you come off the street. The Chinese artwork features mostly Ming and Ching dynasties plus the early Chinese republic. You won't find anything dated earlier than that. Love the chinese and japanese screens. Art class was pretty good. The docent, Linda, is a great artist. Museum store had a lot of knick knacks to look at. Some are overpriced but that's the way it is. Staff is very nice. They offer free admission on the first Sunday of the month.  Great place to visit if you don't mind the creatures in the neighborhood.
Of all the museums I've visited in my brief and uneventful life, the Asian Art Museum is my favorite. Here are four reasons why.1. The "28 Chinese" exhibit. This was easily the highlight of the museum. The art pieces are thoughtfully curated, and it was a welcome break from the monotony of western European and North American art that most young people are exposed to.2. The Rubell panel. I had the good fortune to come exactly on the night of the panel and discussion with the Rubells, the power couple who collected, organized, and sponsored the 28 Chinese exhibit. The Rubells were entertaining and informative speakers.3. The $5 after 5 P.M. deal. My group did this; we saved a lot of money. 4. The weird vase things with the taxidermied animals inside. Just... Look for three giant vases. You'll be horrified, but you sure won't be disappointed!The museum can get a little chilly, so I'd bring a light sweater in the summer. The Asian Art Museum is a rightful gem in San Francisco. I'd recommend it to anyone interested in art!
This museum is full of variety and different types of art.  It is 3 stories with the art on the 2nd and 3rd.  Leave yourself a few hours to go through it.  I normally get bored wandering through museums, but this one kept me entertained.  There are tapestries, vases, sculptures, figurines and dishes.  I went at lunch time on a Thursday and it wasn't too busy only a few field trips.  Take a lot of pictures and check out the store on the first floor.
I don't go to the Asian Art Museum more than once a year at tops, but it's definitely something any SF resident or visitor should check out at least once. The Asian Art Museum has a great regular collection, with pieces from several countries, and they also have some interesting exhibits. I recently view the Floating world exhibit and was surprised I never heard about its scandalous going-ons before.They're also one of the museums in the city that does a free day, possibly once a month. It's only $15 to get in normally, but if your funds are on the low and you don't mind dealing with the people the free days are good to take advantage of.
This is IMO the best museum that SF has to offer. It's size allows it to be visited well within half a day, or longer if that suits you. The serenity and beauty of the place can be quite calming if you allow yourself to slow down and appreciate the now (and then).The collection is much broader and deeper than what many people might consider "asian," bringing in the myriad of cultures and geographically diverse peoples who have over time influenced each others' religions and arts. This collection is exceptional not only for the breadth of items available to see but also for the well though out flow and organization of the collection. Set aside your preconceptions about museum cafes as well as the food here is well worth sampling before or after you explore the exhibits.
The Asian Art Museum used to be a wing at the De Young Museum in Golden Gate Park.  Through the years, its collection has outgrown its space. Eventually in 1994, the City of San Francisco approved a measure to renovate the former Main Library to make it the new home of the Asian Art Museum.Designed by the World famous architect Gae Aulenti - best known for her award-winning project of  the Musée d'Orsay in Paris - the museum has a Roman Empire kind of grandness as well as an old, traditional kind of Asian opulence.  There are plenty of open spaces that enable people to enjoy the exhibits and not feeling crowded.  There are also many places for one to sit and stare at the art, and to ponder and wonder.As the museum states in one of the signs, there really isn't anything known as Asian culture, as inhabitants in different regions have little in common with each other (culturally).  Therefore, the museum's collection is divided into 7 distinct groupings:* South Asia* The Persian World and West Asia* Southeast Asia* The Himalayas and The Tibetan World* China* Korea* JapanThe museum is made up mostly of adjoining rooms with each room hosting a specific grouping distinctly.  The focus of each room is clear.  As you move from room to room, you'll get a feeling like you are traveling from one country to another, from one dynasty to another, from one century to another.From one World to another.This has to be one of the largest (if not the largest) collection of Asian art in the Western World.  It contains exhibits ranging from over 6,000 years ago to near modern times.  The collection is huge and impressive.  However, I did find that they had an overwhelming amount of deity in their collection.  While I understand that deity is a great part of Asian culture in many regions, I am hoping that in the future they can balance it out a little.What it cost to get to San Francisco:  An arm and a leg.Admission: $15.Experience:  Timeless and priceless.
Nice museum. Place was clean, spacious, Air Conditioned, and the assigned  hostess (probably a volunteer) was very nice and friendly. Most of the exhibits had descriptions and you can even check out a headset that tells the history and background. And their exhibits, oh man their exhibits! it was plentiful and in abundance.Honestly I can't think of anything NOT to like; even the restroom was clean and the gift shop was reasonably priced.The hostess mentioned that the first Sunday of every month is free, but I have a difference of opinion here. For this nice of a museum, I would feel bad about coming here for free, and I would have no problem paying the regular $15.00 (kids under 12 are free). And when you're done, you can walk across the street to the plaza and enjoy some food from the food truck!
I think the Asian Art Museum is worth a visit.  The permanent collection is cool, but the exhibitions are what draws the crowd.  The current exhibit is called "Seduction: Japan's Floating World" which showcases the courtesans of Edo-period Japan.  I went to the opening party, and the Asian Art Museum knows how to throw a party!  The Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence graced us with their presence, and there were sake tastings and dirty haikus.  It was awesome.I've eaten at the cafe, and I have to say it's not worth it.  There are really great Asian restaurants nearby.  Yes, you'd be walking in the Tenderloin, but I think the food is better outside the museum.  Plus, since the cafe is inside, you'd be paying much more than what's available in the Tenderloin.The Asian Art Museum is a great place to roam and look at wonderful pieces of art.  If you're looking for a deal, visit on the first Sunday of every month, courtesy of Target.
*expect to spend an entire day here.*Terracotta Warriors exhibit is fascinating. To complete the experience, get the "Warrior" soup at Cafe Asia. (Shrimp and Pork Wontons with Tatsoi, Mushrooms, and Carrots.)*with the abundance of artifacts and overdose of Asian History knowledge, I was most captivated by the religious gods/goddesses.
I went to the museum on a free Sunday recently and it was a pleasant experience. Not only the admission was free, it was easy to find free street parking too. It was a leisure walk of two hours inside, but I only went through things very quickly. It was not too crowded and had good atmosphere. They had lots of collections from China, Japan, Korea, and India, with lots of Buddha sculptures, paintings, Jade, porcelains, and other art works. I have been here a few times before, but it is always interesting to visit it once in a while. Aside from the art works, they have a big Greek style exhibition hall hidden behind the front desks at the entry. It is a pity that some people might miss it. It is built with whitish granite and is beautiful and impressive.
Beautiful exhibits.  Peaceful and serene layout of the building.  I especially liked the "Enter the Mandala" exhibit.  First you must cross the circle of fire......From their website: Mandalas are maps of Buddhist visionary worlds.Minutely detailed and saturated with philosophical meaning, these works (most often paintings or sculptures) are a feast for the eyes and the mind--nested squares and circles are arrayed to represent the center of the cosmos and the four cardinal directions. For Buddhist practitioners, however, mandalas are not just images to view, but worlds to enter--after recreating the image in their mind's eye, meditators imaginatively enter its realm.But is it possible to have this experience without years of meditative discipline?   Enter the Mandala says yes. In this exhibition, 14th-century paintings align a gallery with the cardinal directions, transforming open space into an architectural mandala--a chance to experience the images in three dimensions, to dwell in the midst of the cosmic symbols and be transported to another world. Visitors can literally "enter the mandala," exploring places in the cosmos--and perhaps themselves--that might otherwise remain invisible.
Located in this San Francisco Civic Center Area. This museum has been around for some time.Paid parking is on the street or garage nearby. It can get busy as one can take various transit options including the bus. Street parking is subject to miscellaneous crowd. This is an affordable museum for all ages. A reasonable priced membership is also available which would cover all the trips in a year, admission to special attractions, discount to the gift shop, Japanese tea ceremonies, and early previewing of coming exhibits. Multilevel museum that focuses on the various Asian regions. Organized by region and timeline. Lots of artifacts collected or donated over the years helps connect the timelines and the history of various cultures. Very clean and well thought outMuseum runs various special artifacts and exhibits throughout the year. They are unique to gain an understanding of cultures that one may feel is not in Asia. For example recent there was a special exhibit for Arabia. It was quite intriguing.The museum can be viewed solo and there are tours that run through the day and specials. Always something going on. Staff is usually well versed and understand the subject to which they are providing  tours for. Good mix of interactive, static, and past features. Good: family museum, lot of interesting, always some thing new. Bad: neighborhood can be a little sketchy at times. I am a member and enjoy visiting fairly often.
The Samsung hall is a great venue for performing orchestras, community bands or any type of art performance. The decor is beautiful within and is a semi large arena for those watching a performance. My only grievance is the performers should have an elevated stage in which the audience can see them clearly without cranking our necks out. I went to see an ASWAT performance by the community group ZAWAYA. They are known for showcasing Arab culture through song, dance and percussion throughout the Bay Area vicinity. After the performance, we wandered through the Chinese, Korean, Japanese and Saudi Arabian exhibits which were phenomenal. There are some great pieces that stem back thousands of years before even biblical times. I was very impressed with the venue. The displays were visually appealing and seemed to be displayed in a clean and organic fashion. The museum is two floors with Samsung hall and displays of the Far East. The first floor was the Royal Arabia exhibit which consisted of 4 separate galleries, coat check, gift shop and restrooms. The museum is right across from city hall and not too far from the civic center Bart station. Parking was a breeze on this day since Sunday is free. I encourage all to go to this culturally stimulating center.
This is a cool place!Went on a few Tuesday day, presented by Target. Figured, I'd never been there before and it seemed like a cool place to check out. So many exhibit rooms and it's very clean.Lots of people of course. Arts from all over and there are three floors. Because I arrived late, didn't have a chance to check all of them out. I enjoyed the floor that had the Indonesian artifacts and puppets.Fun place to take the family or to just roam around when exploring the city!
A great place to come and learn about Asian art. $15 to get in, unless you are a student or over 65. Memberships available.
Very extensive art exhibit.  Excellent guides and presentation of information. I could spend half a day in here.
This review is for a wedding at the museum. We got married at the Asian Art Museum in Summer 2015.  Not only is the museum breathtakingly beautiful but it is a historical building and non profit. Our rental fee was not considered a donation--and therefore not tax deductible, but we felt very good that our money would be going to a place that benefits the public. Also it is a place that we can easily take our future kids to see.We got married in the loggia on the landing of the grand staircase. Our cocktail hour was in the loggia, and we opened up the 2nd floor galleries to our guests. The dinner and reception were held in Samsung Hall (which used to be the card catalog room when it was the library). At first we were a little hesitant about having the ceremony on the stairs as it isn't as traditional. However, after speaking with Lorraine and my now husband, we decided it would be best to maximize the beauty of the space and take advantage of the architecture. Also, it would be cheaper as we wouldn't have to rent out the Hall for the entire day to accommodate set up. == Staff: 5 stars ==We worked with Lorraine and Minda. Most of our communication was via email, and they allowed us to visit the museum as much as we needed to in order to help us plan. Both were a joy to work with, knowledgable, organized, laid-back and responsive. Lorraine was our first point of contact. She was so helpful and not pushy. When we met her, we were immediately put at ease. She answered all of our questions promptly and had a lot of useful advice about how best to utilize the space. Minda worked with us as our wedding got closer and was on site during our wedding and at our rehearsal at the museum. She was there the entire evening to ensure everything went smoothly. == Venue: 5 stars == - The museum is GORGEOUS. There are so many great places to take photos and as far as decor, we had to do very little as the Beaux Arts architecture is stunning in photos and in person. - There is so much history within the building and in Civic Center Plaza. It was once the SF public library until about the mid-1980s, which my husband and I both love. - The ceremony can be held in a variety of places in the museum (grand staircase, side halls, Samsung Hall). There is a lot of flexibility with the space.- The bathrooms are clean and there are multiple stalls. A little weird to be calling this out, but when having a larger wedding, it does make a difference for guests. == Rental Details ==- There is a list of preferred caterers and all of the best caterers in the city are already on that list, so I wouldn't worry too much. We also viewed this as a plus as we wanted to work with vendors familiar with the space to make the day of as easy as possible.- Weddings start a little later (6:30pm) and the standard latest end time is 12:00am. This worked out perfectly for us as we had a shorter wedding ceremony on site. - One thing that was a little surprising (to us at least) is that they are a little stricter on flowers to help protect the artwork. There are guidelines as well as some preferred vendors, so it isn't too much of an issue.  - Fee includes security staff, use of the Peterson Room, a small garden and a few other rooms that can be used for vendors. Often times, one of the bonus rooms is used for kids, which is immensely helpful.  If you're looking for an indoor venue that is classic, elegant and can accommodate 120-180 guests, we highly recommend the Asian Art Museum. The venue is beautiful and the staff is very experienced--helping to make a memorable and stress free wedding.
Great place to take your friends/family to have a relaxing day.I visited during the Roads to Arabia exhibition. They have numbered rooms/pathways that guide you through a journey. Afterwards, there was a craft station to make charms for the new year.If you want free tickets, check with your local library.The museum is close to the Civic Center station, but if you are driving then the best garage to park is the law school parking lot.
Unless you are a connoisseur of Asian Art, this is a 90-minute to 2-hour museum.  I hit the museum as the temporary exhibits were being disassembled and the next exhibits set up.  The permanent collections are extensive but pretty esoteric.  You've got to know and love Asian art to appreciate a lot of it.
Great place to learn and see different Asian history. My favorite is about Buddha. Had to see my cultures art history.
This museum has wide collection of Asian art. I was here on their 50th Anniversary. They have so many kids activities. Kids would definitely enjoy. I would definitely recommend at least during this time.
Ive bn a member since the 1990s.You can never go wrong with a high-tier membership bc those allow u to bring in friends during your visit.At the contributor level, i am a single donor so i can bring up to 3 addl folks with me. this also includes special exhibitions.i dont accept the donor gifts bc theyre negible. i'd rather have em save on the resources for other use.Most visit for me entail a 3hr walk through. i like to learn from their signage on the displaysPS. they did a beautiful job converting the old SF public library. you actually dont realize that you're walking the entire bldg as you spiral through the exhibits. and dont forget to check out the grand foyer
Gae Aulenti's dream.The old public library.Chinese snuff bottles!
First Sunday of the month = free admission!I came here for one of those free admission days. It was raining and pretty much the perfect museum weather. There's always something magical about going to the museum in the rain, y'know? It was PACKED. I guess everyone else had the same idea. The parking lot was a nightmare.But the exhibits...oh my gosh...the EXHIBITS. The Asian Art Museum has stuff from Japan, Vietnam, Korea, China, obvs. They also have Sumerian art, Indian art...going from exhibit to exhibit is like country-hopping and time-traveling at the same time. It's such a trip. Everything is so beautiful, especially the jewelry. I was with friends so I couldn't linger and tarry as long as I might have, if left to my own devices, but I'd definitely be willing to come back here.Also, they have a lot of really great events. When I was here they had a lot of Chinese New Year stuff going on for the kiddies. There was also a contortionist, who was INCREDIBLY talented and so sweet with the children. I'd never seen a contortionist before and it was amazing...like seeing a gymnast do a magic show!My only complaint is the food. The restaurant was pretty overpriced and they didn't seem to have any idea what was in their food since it all came from other places. I tried eating some of their bean curd filled pastries since it was the only thing that was labeled and still ended up getting sick from it. Blegh. Stupid food allergy.*Wheelchair accessible! Hooray!
What a wonderful place for a date night and for families with young children! They have a short, interactive and informative guided tour just for kids and an activity kit available at the front desk. The art pieces really took me back in time and took my breath away. The setting for the museum was perfect. Coupled with my lucky public parking adjacent to the museum and a free admission Sunday, it really could not have been more perfect.So why am I giving them only 3 stars?My FOUR well-behaved children were complimented by several other patrons as well as the tour guide. They were never an issue. My issue was a particular museum security personnel that stalked me to say, verbatim, "This is a classy place. Do not carry your child on your back. Carry him in front instead."I had my child in a Kinderpack child carrier.First, I was not told that I could not carry my child upon entrance.Second, I fail to see how carrying my child in front would make it any more classy.Third, I was sure that he lacked the tact and training to approach me in a more friendly, professional manner that one would expect from such a "classy" place.After having been twice harassed by the same man, I paged a supervisor on my way out, reported the incidents, and he clarified that it was indeed a museum policy for both the child's and the art's sake that children, bags, and backpacks are carried only in front to avoid accidental bumping into the art. Now that is a language I can agree with!So lesson learned: Only go sans kids. Forget the stroller. It too can bump into the priceless art, senseless parents! (I jest...) Forget the carrier. It isn't classy enough for such a place. What a shame that my husband and I are both Asians, and that our visit had to be cut short. I really hope to give better remarks next time.
nice excuse to go to san francisco for a weekday getaway.
Faintly, I remember trips to the Museum of Modern Art, The American Museum of Natural History, NY; the New York Public Library at 5th Ave at 42nd St. Those memories are years and another income ago but I still remember.  The Asian Art Museum brought back that feeling of wonder and amazement of discovery.  I let myself get talked into buying an upgraded ticket for a tour I never took.  I got a general 'around the corner direction' to start the tour and an employee untangling audio equipment tried to sell me audio when the first person said 'everything' was included and then directed me to the Information booth where I was ignored.  Ok, maybe my bad I wasn't bold enough to demand attention until I got help but I decided to explore on my own instead. I'm interested in but unfamiliar with the history of Asia. Since I wasn't tethered to a tour, I was able to leave crowded rooms for those with few if anyone in them admire and read at my own pace. I spent 3 hours meandering from exhibit to exhibit, from India to Japan before being dragged out to see the rest of San Francisco.
(Long overdue review):  We visited the museum on September 14.  Our favorite part of the museum was the third floor, which has many gorgeous Buddha sculptures and statues.For those who have an AAA membership, the second (adult) gets a half-price admission.If you go there by car, I recommend parking at the UC Hastings Garage (see my separate review).
Just got back from seeing the 28 Chinese exhibit at the Asian Art Museum in SF. This stuff is as good or better than anything I've seen at SFMOMA in terms of contemporary art over the past decade. I hope future work holds up to this standard. Only drawback to this museum is the layout of the venue can be confusing, and the ambient conditions can take away from the art itself.
The museum's name is a little misleading since the majority of the items are more on the side of artifacts, historical objects rather than artistic exhibition. They do however have many items of ancient Asian art pieces like religious statues, painting scrolls, and sculptures. It is a good place to be introduced to different styles of Asian culture, and you will be able to see a selected insight on the different cultures. The sections for each culture are organized in chronological order, so it feels like a history exhibit you can traveling through segments of time. The China/Japan/Korea section is much larger than the other culture sections. In general, the exhibitions feel as if the items come from smugglers and private collectors that favor uniqueness over thematic organization. It is a good place to bring dates to.
I love coming to the Asian Art Museum when there are special exhibits. Taken my parents here and they have enjoyed it very much too. If you're planning on seeing a popular exhibit (ex: Terra Cotta Warriors) make sure to order your tickets online (there is a ticket charge) because they can sell out at the door. Luckily I did this and ordered for the early entrance at 9:30 AM for the Terra Cotta Warriors Exhibit, when we left, we saw a long line waiting to get in and overheard someone say the tickets for that time slot were sold out.Parking is difficult if you're looking for street parking, make sure to bring coins if you get a spot on the street. There is a parking garage half a block from the Museum which is convenient and not overpriced.
This museum is really beautiful and has a lot of variety, its worth checking out if you enjoy some history and art!
The Asian Art Museum does it again!  We love this place!Yesterday  we attended the Terracota Warriors exhibit!  I have always wanted to go to China to see the Terracota Warriors and now some of them are here in SF!We were able to use our Oakland Museum reciprocal membership level toget into the museum and pay only for the Terracota Warriors portion.Despite a lot of people milling around (many were in organized groups) wewere able to enter the exhibit right away.  I hear the weekends and the Free Daysare pretty crowded.The Asian Art Museum features their special exhibits in three different rooms.There is a lot to see and a lot of info to be read.  One gripe I have is that thesigns describing the objects are written in a very small font .  With the dim lights it is almost impossible to read (at least for me)The first two rooms are teasers.  You'll see artifacts, ornaments, bells, swords, cross bows, a couple of videos, maps.In the vestibule you'll see two chariots with horses--very impressiveThere are activities for kids.In the main exhibition room are the warriors and horses and more artifacts.You can get an up-close view of the soldiers.  Their facial features are so real and fascinating.  Apparently there is a definite hierarchy of foot soldiers to generals by their helmets and costumes.There is also a wonderful video that shows the massiveness of the army.Their discovery in 1974 almost surpasses the discovery of King tut's tomb.I am a little dismayed by the manner in which a good Yelp bud was treated regarding her small backpack.  I've seen plenty of women with large purses (that could knock out Attila the Hun or a Sumo wrestler with one quick turn) in the exhibits.If the coat check person said it was okay then that should have been the end of the story.  I guess their overzealousness was in the name of being overly protective.Note that the admission price is steeper on the weekends.The Terracotta Warriors are totally worth seeing!
I could not wait when they announced that there would be a TerraCotta Warrior Exhibit coming to the Asian Art Museum. I have not been to the Asian Art Museum for a long time but Xian China is one of the places that I really want to travel to. Parking is convenient right across the street and just a walk up some stairs to the museum. The exhibit is attracting many people. There was a line to get the $22 weekend tickets and to get in. It was a beautiful day so the slight wait was not so bad. You can take non flash photos which was a plus. The TerraCotta Warriors even though there are only ten of them were spectacular. I did not expect to see the true TerraCotta Warriors outside of China. The Warriors are a real draw. I have never seen the Asia Art Museum with so many people. The exhibit is only in San Francisco until March 25. Posted some great pics.
Whereas it has comprehensive and compelling collections and exhibits I had a hard time with the flow - getting stuck at the entrance through the doors with so many people and then stuck between walls and cases sitting in center of parts of the THREE different galleries that housed the current "Looking East" exhibit. When I went to the cafe I didn't know if I was to enter the area behind a long horizontal screen hiding the snacks, coffee and tea near the kitchen. When I discovered I was to go there I didn't know what side to enter. Signage would greatly help the latter issue. It feels a bit like a mall in the high ceilinged modern additions and long escalator; a bunch of separate glass door enclosed galleries. The older part is wonderful with the original gorgeous staircase leading to the beautiful columned lecture hall. I'd love to hear a concert there.
There was a long line of people waiting to get into the museum, but it went by quicker than I expected. I went on a "Target First Free Sunday". It cost an additional $10 to see the special exhibit- China's Terracotta Warriors. There were three galleries on the first floor featuring the special exhibit. Two of the galleries featured objects and artifacts. The most exciting of the three is of course the terracotta warriors and horses. I'm glad I got to see this piece of history. I'm in awe at the work that must have been put into creating the terracotta army. The galleries were crowded, so I wasn't able to enjoy my viewing experience to the fullest though. I later bragged to my mom I got to see the terracotta warriors, but she was not as impressed as I hope she would've been. The last day of the exhibit is May 27th, so make sure to catch it!While I enjoyed the art located on the second and third floors, it didn't match my excitement of viewing the terracotta warriors. I did like the Buddha sculptures, there were so many that it would be easy to lose count.
Blown away by the museum's collection of Tibetan Buddhist art and relics as well as art from China, Korea, Japan, India and Southeast Asia.
I was lucky and was visiting the museum on the day that the museum was free. Although it is an Asian museum, most of the art was from Japan, China and Cambodia.
It was the first Sunday of the month and I had no plans, so I decided to check out the Asian Art Museum. Since it's free on the first Sunday, I figured I would check it out and I was amazed. The museum was so well curated and designed. The halls were divided into region and they explained the religions of the area and how it connected to the art of that region. It was super well-done - I ended up spending four hours there and not even finishing. I wasn't a huge Asian art enthusiast before this museum, but it was very impressive. Only downside? I think my coworkers think I'm obsessed with Asian art after talking about it so much!!
I came here with my fiance on our vacation, and it was a breathtaking, if not overwhelming, experience. I've never been in such a big museum before, and there was a lot to take in. We ended up spending at least 2 hours in there.Big Points1. They give student discounts to you, even if you aren't a student in SF. Plus, $5 after 5pm on Thursdays, AND your tickets come with a coupon for Buy 1 Get 1 Free ticket at your next visit. 2. Coat check. Yes! All museums need this. 3. Amazing selection of art. However, being half-Vietnamese myself, I looked for art from Vietnam and couldn't find any, even in the sections that claimed to focus on Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, etc. There was definitely a greater focus on Japan, Korea, and China. That was a little disappointing.4. Beautiful architecture. The building itself is a work of art.5. Free guided tours all day! I didn't take one, but I ran into the group that was going around at about 3 pm. The tour guide was a sweet older Asian woman, and she was super enthusiastic about the art. I hope all of their guides are like this!6. Cafe Asia downstairs. Guava lemonade. 'Nuff said.This was a really relaxing way to spend the day, and I hope to come back to SF and this museum again soon!
Stayed outside to wait for a shuttle. They opened like 45 min after the posted opening time. Wanted to go in but it was $10 entrance fee so I'd rather wait for a free day
One of my favorite museums to visit with very well-thought, interesting collections! It's also very clean inside.
In Grand Style on the Joseon dynasty in Korea is very beautiful. I highly recommend catching it while you can. A jade book is really amazing to see in person.The other exhibits are great as well. They have a lot on feudal daily life of Japan, scholar life and statues of China, stoneworks of Southeast Asia, and buddha statues from China to Pakistan - all with their own interpretations.I heard the cafe is pretty good, though I did not try. The gift shop is fun.
Everyone should visit the Asian Art Museum at least twice. Seeing relics that are older than your WHOLE COUNTRY by CENTURIES is a humbling experience.Expect to spend at least three to four hours exploring the exhibits, reading the histories, and comparing the progression of art and symbolism through across miles and years. Try to spot the same re-told stories as they moved from place to place and how they changed as they moved. Bring a friend so you can share the experience afterward and discuss what you learned.
Of all the times I have visited SF and of being from Asian descent, today was my first time visiting the Asian Art Museum! All I could say is, what have I been doing all my life?!? I arrived at the museum at 1PM and did not leave till 6PM!!! Need I say more?? Amazing place! Run, don't walk to this place - you don't have to be Asian to be admitted and to have a good time! I learned so much about my own heritage, as well as having a new found appreciation for other Asian cultures featured there. I want to host a traditional Japanese tea time now with all my friends! Looking forward to that day! Don't forget to grab your headphones on the right before heading up to the third floor to start your tour! Don't forget to finish the tour off with going to the meditation area (it's room 31) where you go sit, meditate and gather your self and your thoughts before you thrust yourself into the chaos that awaits in the outside world (literally this is what that area is for!) Enjoy!
Come here early before the door opens, at least 15 minutes early and theres a long line since it was free of the first sunday. Waited a little bit over 30 minutesFirst time coming here. They had china's terracotta warriors: the first emperor legacy exhibition special theme going on but you would have to pay extra to see that one even on a free day. So i just went to the general admission gallery part on a free day. They're big on China region and religions around most Asian countries. Other than a section of China, they also have a good section of Japan, small section of Korea, and southeast Asia and other parts of asia. Other then that, this place is not bad. I did enjoy seeing items with the history of the items from different part of Asia.
~*~Well curated, Free Audio and live tours~*~First Sunday of the month is free...so...came to check it out.1st floor:Featured (temporary) exhibit.  (Korean Art currently)2nd floor:East asian art, Art from the pacific rim3rd Floor:South Asian ArtArt is so telling of the history of lands, here I got to see the stories of Asia unfold.  Scrolls, paintings, sculptures, even the building itself is historical.  Paid Street parking available near by.  Recommend for a lazy afternoon in the city, tourists and locals.
New Year's Eve was a great day to check out the Asian Art Museum!This has been on my to-do list and I'm glad I finally made it over here =) This museum is giant and there are so many awesome pieces of art on display. Three stories contain collections from India, Southeast Asia, Japan, China and Korea. Also since it was New Year's Eve they had a special bell ringing ceremony going on which was very interesting to watch. I very much enjoyed my visit here and would definitely come back, especially since they have new special exhibits from time to time. The Korean one they have at the moment is very interesting! P.S. The first Sunday of every month is free (which I didn't know until I already paid my admission fee) so you have no excuse not to visit ;)
A nice selection of great art. Beautiful building. This museum covers all of asia from every period and isn't that large so coverage is brief. But some of the work is stunning.
I only had a limited time here, but I was happy I came because I was able to see a lot. It was definitely a great learning experience & it exposed me to a lot of different religions in the Asian culture. I grew up Catholic, so that's all I really know. I learned about other religions in school, but don't really practice so it was very therapeutic seeing all the ornate Buddha statues. This place has 3 floors-- all accessible by elevator or escalator. On the bottom floor is the gift shop, which had some pretty cool stuff. My friends and I started on the top floor & worked our way down. Everything we saw all had historical significance. As a former history buff, I was very impressed with the variation of cultural relics and paraphernalia. I wish I was here longer! I definitely want to come back with more time to spend looking at all the exhibits. Definitely worth my time.
This place never stops amazing me.  I wish the Korean exhibit was more expansive but the pieces here are beautiful. We are so lucky to have access to the culture this museum offers.
Museums can be overwhelming .... and there's really only so much history, learning and art you can process at any given visit.  When I visited the Louvre in Paris, my friend had to pack Gu for me so that I could energy up and walk the full 5 miles I did IN the museum.  The Asian Art Museum on the other hand, isn't overwhelming in that sense - despite the scope and history of what is "Asian".  I thought the instructional write ups and descriptions that accompanied each piece was interesting and narrative.  I stepped away from the experience wanting to read more about the deities of Indian culture, the skills and process involved in shaping jade and get a refresher course on the motifs found throughout Chinese culture that represent blessings, wealth and longevity etc.Given my own Chinese heritage and countless visits to museums and historic sites throughout China - I was still intrigued and delighted to discover art and traditions that I've never seen or heard of.  This is definitely worth a visit.
beautiful museum with beautiful collections.
