Viewpoint of the Golden Gate Bridge, and all in all, a haven and sanctuary for creative kids to run around and scamper about -- it also serves as a strategy to wear your kids out (the goal is for them to pass out into a long nap once you hit the car). The area attracts heated temperatures, so figure out a way to stay cool. This childrens' Discovery Museum is found on the border of the city of Sausalito, just dropped below on the north side of Golden Gate Bridge.There's an outdoor playground, such as "Lookout Cove," for kids to run around and climb old boats, treehouses and even jump on a spider web hammock. But there's also little exhibits inside "presidio" style buildings: a "carpentry" workshop to build a car, a Chinese restaurant to "serve" dumplings and tea, a Panda stuffed animal care station, a ping pong table, an airport cash register, an arts and crafts station, a foam rubber build a house fun area, music auditorium, harpsichords, bubbles, a water bed under an aquarium, tunnels, and little rivers and creeks... it goes on and on. This is what I saw in one day, and yet there is more. It's a Neverland for tots.Parents have plenty of stroller parking, and umbrella tables to eat snacks at. There is a little snacks cafe that has pizza and turkey sandwiches (and more), and their refreshing lemonade is organic goodness! In late spring or summer weather, you will sweat a lot. Bring your caps and visors, sun block (don't get it in your child's eyes, make it tear-free), easier if you bring your own water bottles, shorts over pants, and of course, your Can-Do Spirit! #goodtimes
This is truly a 5-star museum, at a 5-star location. The museum is huge, clean, and is half outdoor half indoor with activity stations peppered throughout the courtyards and in the separate buildings. There is great variety of activities, from toddler room to music instruments, hula hoops, and art studio. The cafe also serves great yummy food (I love the Mediterranean pesto pizza) and gourmet coffee (try cafe macchiato). It was so fun (for me) that we didn't want to leave. In addition, within a short walk on the bay trail, this place gives a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz and SF city. Basically a hidden gem view point and not so crazy busy with tourists. We stayed from 11 am to 2 pm on a Saturday, and there seems to be no problem with parking. If you have visitors I would highlight recommend coming here to fort baker for a nice view and avoid the other popular tourist places.One more thing to add. It gets quite pricey (like $14 per person) since they charge for everybody, including adults and young babies. But check for groupon, and get half price for admission!
I recommend this place to anyone with a child 0-8? I have been a member going on 4 years now with a daughter who is now 4 :) . The tot spot with Lilly pad water beds, fish tank, and frogs is great for babies to toddlers up to 42 inches tall. My daughters favorite is the creativity hall where there are always at least 2 hands on art activities, a painting wall and play-do or flarp table. The outside area is also full of things to do: sunken ship full of sand, dump truck area full of pebbles, giant spider Web for climbing, peek a boo maze, log stairs, look out area up top, and much much more.The museum also has a special exhibit area that changes quarterly. Always amazing interactive immersing in what ever the subject matter health, China, curious George, etc.The people who work here are also amazing. They are stationed at each area and engage with children in their play. My daughter has fun with them all but Hannah is her favorite, we miss her now that she got a promotion but we are very happy for her.
Best time to go is during the week!! Of course, if you live North- leave before traffic sets in, no later than 3:00..
My nephew simply loved this place. They covered several different learning topics which were all relevant to the region. I loved their wagon building workshop and found it to be so creative and such a great way to allow kids to learn about engineering. I will definitely be going back soon!
This is the best children's museum I have been to thus far. First of all, it is set in a beautiful landscape! Right under the Golden Gate Bridge, with views of both the bay and mountains. It's unique in that it has indoor and outdoor exhibits. For my then 10 month old son, there was so much to keep him busy and intrigued. We started in the tot rooms, which include fish tanks, bubbles that come out of frogs, trampolines, animals on walls that make noises, tunnels to run through, and plenty of climbing opportunities. In addition to some friendly parents and cute kids, might I add. My son loved this section!From there, we played music outdoors, practiced cause and effect, and walked through the Curious George exhibit. We really loved the outdoor park, complete with a massive nest like sculpture, a bird's nest made out of rocks, a shipyard of sorts, and so much more. It was very well done and full of fun and entertainment.We happened upon a day with free admission, which is always a plus. And the gift shop is large with some great items. Loved it all!
Fantastic place! I love the events they have like story time and the Chinese Dragon parade. The stuff is wonderful!
Fantastic place for toddlers to explore hands on and use their creative imagination. Great for learning. There's different rooms to explore and ample space for kids to play. My particular favorites were the outdoor instruments/xylophone and the outdoor playground area with the million dollar view of the Golden Gate Bridge. They also have a cafe on site that offer healthy organic food option for kids which I love. P. s there's always deals on groupon for admission
Great place for the kiddies to have fun and burn some energy. Brought niece here as it was Curious George Day....she looooovvvesss George!Arrived around 10:30 and the parking was already 1/2 full but there's plenty...I think its great for the 2 thru 5 age group as they have a lot interactive stations for kids to play in. They do have a cafe but i saw a lot of people bring their own lunches/snacks...and there are plenty of picnic tables and seating for you to eat comfortably. Also, a little playground for the kids to climb, run, scream and play with other kidsNiece lasted about 3.5 hours and wanted to stay longer...but it was enough for the adults. Place seems a little pricey at $15/person but fortunately, we had a Groupon....and for it being Curious George day thought George would've at least walked around (but then again, who needs a mob of kids surrounding him!) or had some other characters. Overall, niece was a happy girl!
This is a really nice place to bring young children (under the age of 5).  We came here for the Chinese New Year celebration on 2/15/2016 and had a great time.  The crowd was friendly and there were plenty of restrooms (which is really important if you bring little kids here).  The different activities are fun for all.  There is also a small playground with several different structures including a boat that the kids can climb on.
To say my 25 month old loves this place would be an understatement. She has so much fun in all the rooms, especially the tot area water play. If you're looking for a great place to have your child explore and run around, this is a great place for that. Their cafe is good and pretty affordable too - lots of organic and healthy options. You can also bring your own snacks to enjoy.
With tons of activities for little humans, Discovery Museum was a great place to take my 19-month-old niece when I was visiting her in Oakland. She played forever in the tot spot, where there is an aquarium room with pond-like play areas (the ponds being a lot like blue jelly water beds) and another room with cave-like areas to crawl and climb. She also played with xylophones and hula hoops, shoveled gravel, checked out a boat and shopped in a faux produce market at the Chinese New Year exhibit. Admission could get expensive with multiple kids, but we sprung for an annual pass - apparently the membership can also be used at OMSI when the family visits us in Oregon!
I love this place. Have taken my daughters for a couple years now and every time I take them there we discover something new. Friendly staff, great fun, I would highly recommend any parent to go to this location for fun times!
This place is for kids 4 or 5 and under.  There were maybe 3 or 4 rooms with things to do, and the activities were pretty underwhelming.  We enjoyed the outdoor area and the views were nice.  But other than that, not much to do.  We brought our 5yo and 8 yo and stayed for only an hour.  Good thing we bought a Groupon.
Geared toward younger kids, indoor/outdoor play areas, lots of events, my son's a fan.
You can spend all day here. And it's not too expensive. They offer a military discount so that's always a plus. Tons of educational and hands on things for the kids to do.
Great for the kids and adults. This kids museum is like a picture drom a poatcard. It has a great view of the San Francisco Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. On the other side was the green mountain.Both our toddlers had a great time. And we went at a good day because they were celebrating earth day!
Not sure what happened to my precious review, do this may be brief.With incredible views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the Bay Area Discovery Museum is exactly what I would expect from SF/Marin: an experience the outdoors into a great experience for kids of all ages.The first exhibits you encounter are actually outdoors, large musical exhibits (drums/xylophones)There are around six buildings which have different themes. One building is for little kids, another for trains, one for boats/water, one for a rotating exhibit, and one for art. There is also a large outdoor play area with a shipThe twins loved the kid area and the train (think thomas) area. They actually post a person at the entrance to the kid area to advise parents of kids are too big. I really appreciated this as my kids aways get trampled by kids who shouldn't be in the little kid area.In regards to food, there is a place to buy healthy organic grub, though you would do perfectly well for yourself to pack a picnic.A lot of the bathrooms were single occupancy so they were basically family bathrooms.Overall, excellent place to bring your kids of all ages.
Great staff, lots of fun things to do with the kiddos - drums, bells, climbing, art, building - heck, I wanted to do most of that stuff! lol. A little hard to get to (crossing the Golden Gate can be a challenge sometimes), but worth it. It's expensive, but take your kids anyway - if you really can't afford it, they won't turn anyone away - but if you can afford, definitely pay - the money helps keep the place open.
We arrived on the best day; public safety day!! There were police, state park, and coast guard. Then afterwards we went to tour the museum. At first it is a little confusing figuring out how to get into the buildings, but once there is was decent. The outdoor play areas are really the best part. A lot of the exhibits were closed and not running. Maybe next year we will have better luck.
Nice place but way, way too expensive for what you get.  They don't really honor memberships at other museums unless you get the super premium membership you weren't aware of.  Once you get by the buyers remorse, it's full of good stuff...but not that great.  Be ready for some serious windy weather on any day.  Note to management: it sucks when you gouge parents.
Best place to let the kids just run around. Free parking is also a plus. Great views of the bridge and city.
Took my 20 month old yesterday and had a blast, even with the rain pouring down my little man had more then enough to do!  I use to go when I was young and haven't been for nearly 20 years and the "bay room" definitely brought back some memories.
This place is magical. My children are completely engaged,curious and inspired every time we visit. I've learned to not "plan out" the visit too much, but to allow the children to explore and lead the way. If you don't get to everything it's ok...quality vs quantity. Bring lunch to save $$$.
I really don't know what all the hype is about this place. Drove about an hour & half to get here from where we live. It's pretty pricey & it's nothing special. I expected a lot more considering all the 5 star reviews for this place. I felt like we were at a park or my daughters preschool. It's basically just a playground & a few different rooms with toys in them. (Play food, blocks, coloring & crafts, wood & screws to build stuff). We were only here for an hour or 2 & that was just because we were trying to stretch out our time since we paid about $60 for 3 people. Would have much rather went to the SF zoo (which is a short drive away) & would have got a whole days worth of activity for around the same price. Unless you've never taken your kid to a park or a preschool, GO TO THE SF ZOO INSTEAD. TRUST ME, THIS PLACE IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY
Just saw a group get denied entry into the museum. Apparently the ratio for the museum is 1 adult per five children we looked and could not find this information on their website. I was shocked to see the group not let in. The group apparently had driven an hour and a half to visit the museum during their spring break. Awful business practice. I won't be back.
my two year old and his friends love this place! there is ALWAYS something fun to do here.from finger painting and arts/crafts to the outdoor play structures and the puppet show theater and much, much more ~ it all makes for an amazingly fun-filled adventure for my little guy and I.I would highly recommend this place to anyone w/ kids in the Bay Area! Thanks Discovery Museum (:
Fantastic fun for toddlers! My 2 year old LOVED it. My 7 month old liked watching everyone but it's really for kids who can walk about by themselves. Parents will appreciate the spectacular view of the bay and Golden Gate Bridge. Makes for great pictures. There were also 3 seals swimming around when we parked the car and my 2 year old was so excited. Facilities surpassed my expectations. Lots of seating and you can pack a lunch box so you don't need to purchase the food there if you don't want to. Staff were all very smiley and helpful. Too much to do in one trip- we'll be back!
This was pretty nice.  It was a lot different from the Academy of Sciences (which Robert has become used to), so it was fun because it was new.  It was also relatively small, so I doubt we would ever get a membership here or return on a regular basis.  We came for the Curious George exhibit and the Curious Fridays.  To our surprise, Curious George is NOT present on Curious Fridays, and a staff member told us he does not show up on a regularly scheduled basis.  She basically said it was random, and they don't know when he'll be there.  Well, that should be listed on the website!  I was tempted to ask for a refund because Robert kept asking where Curious George was!  We did spend about three hours here, including lunch (we brought our own).  The line for the small cafeteria was ridiculous.  As with any place for kids, there are some that parents just set free unsupervised.  The different bungalows house different exhibits.  Robert really liked Bay Hall.  I wish the other side of the exhibit was open, but a few places were closed for the day camp that's run there (also something that would've been nice to know before going in).
This is an absolutely beautiful location.  There are extensive kiddo activities inside and outside wow, the view of the bridge and sf is great for the whole family.  This is a very quality museum that meets the needs of the little growing discoverer! It is not an inexpensive visit, we have a membership as yes you will want to go back.  And now that you have a membership you can do this easily and it's already paid for.  The kids cafe even had pretty good food (and not expensive for a place like this and whew it's not junk it is organic) or bring your own.   Re the membership:  this turned out great for us as I do visit other area museums as well at a discounted rate.
One of the best places to visit with small kids and toddlers. There are a lot of creative activities, both out/indoor. The admission isn't high, each first Wednesday of the month is free :) There is a good cafe on site. The parking is huge and free :)
Dirt road/gravel parkingWhat I like about this museum is that there are outdoor activities as well as indoor activities. There is a tot area and main exhibit area.  The tot area is for kids 42 inches or shorter. I love how you can bring your own lunch and use the picnic tables facing the Golden Gate Bridge. The art supply/art room area can be a bit more updated (the easel and paint is very watery). I probably won't be back just because it's a hike for me to get here.It's great for those who are staying at Cavallo Point and can bring their kids here for an outing. We did not buy food as the menu didn't really appeal to us (hummus dip, sandwiches, pizza).
My 3 year old loved this place! There's really too much to do in one day. Awesome curious George exhibit, great toddler only area with staff  actually watching to make sure that only toddlers go in.Food is pricey but mostly organic ingredients which is a plus! There's something to do for all ages I highly recommend it! If I lived closer I'd totally get a membership.
This was an amazing experience for the kids and the adults. Best time to go when there is no fog, you and the kids will be most of the time outdoors. Also the coffee shop offers awesome lunch choices, all healthy and nutritious for the kids.  When it's time to leave be aware of the museum store. The store is located on the way out of the museum so the kids always want to enter before leaving the museum. In there they have the whole Thomas the train collection plus the rail roads for sell, so if you have kids who happened to be crazy about Thomas the train, this store is a dangerous! (this toys are so expensive)Other than that, it's awesome!
Great place to take the kids. Younger kids, but kids still the same.
Great place for toddlers. My six year old still loves this place, since they have a nice arts and craft center. My toddler loves the Bay Area Discovery Museum for the huge train tracks, the rock river and those huge blue blocks. We always stop at the gift shop for cool toys. Once in a while, they'll have a special exhibition like Curious George or Storyland. It's similar to San Jose's Discovery Museum but I like their open play area more. It is huge! When it's sunny, there's a gorgeous view of the Golden Gate Bridge. I encourage all tourists with kids to visit the Bay Area Discovery Museum.There's also free parking at the site.
THIS. PLACE. IS. SO. COOL!!!!Not only is it in an absolutely breathtaking location, but it has an absolute plethora of activities that kept my very active toddler completely engaged. From a huge train table, to a water area, to a rock/sand pit full of trucks...the list goes on! This place is a toddler/young child's dream, and my husband and I had a blast watching our son's eyes light up as we moved from each exhibit to the next. We have season passes to the Children's Discovery Museum in San Jose which our son also enjoys, but we got them here as well, despite living about an hour and a half away...it's worth it! We also enjoyed the food they served at the little cafe and that they have gluten-free options. We will definitely be returning to this museum and often!
Visited twice, both with the Groupon deal.  Both days it was very windy. Cafeteria food wasn't great and it's expensive for what it is. None of the regular areas or stations were all that interesting.. The kids liked them enough to play but it wasn't anything spectacular. Also there was a special appearance by curious George that day, but it was hard to get a glimpse of him.The bathrooms were crowded and dirty. We did like the curious George themed set up in the discovery hall..but unfortunately that was about it. We won't be going back, especially since it's so far coming from San Jose. I will much rather go to children's discovery museum in SJ.
- My mom purchased the Group On tickets & we decided to come on a Sunday to celebrate their birthday. - My daughter is 15 mo. & she loved it! There was a "Tiny Tot" area where she was able to go on water beds, little jungle gyms, tunnels, mirrors, etc. She also just loved running around the unique play grounds outside w. her papa! It seemed like this Museum she needed to be a little tiny bit older but all in all it was a fun day for everyone. - I was glad that I packed snacks & drinks for everyone because the cafe line was out the door, down the stairs for just a coffee. - Omg, love the hand sanitize stations everywhere!
Very relaxing children's place, which is not easy to find when you frequent museums, zoo/museums, and other children's places.  We felt comfortable letting our toddler walk around side by side with him without holding his hand.  It hasn't been too crowded when we attend, so supervision doesn't stress us out.  Food is organic and healthy if you prefer it.  Plenty of things for children to entertain themselves.  Bonus is the view of the Golden Gate bridge where you can take a good family picture or selfie with it in the background from the parking lot.
Perfect Place for young kids! My almost 3 year old loved it. I think the admission is a little bit overpriced..but it was worth it to see how much fun my daughter had. Many hands on activities and plenty of space to play and run.
Not only is it fun for kids, adults will love the view of the Golden Gate Bridge from here.
Save your money and go somewhere more worth wild. My 3 and 6 years old hated this dump.
Dare I say this is better than Disneyland?  My 2 yo had a great time here and played for a solid 2 1/2 hours.  We spent the better part of the time in the Tot Spot which is for kids under 42? Inches.  There's even a measuring stick to make sure the kids are the right height.  I appreciate that there's staff monitoring that because the last thing I want is for bigger kids to trample the little ones.My daughter enjoyed the xylophone and hula hoops even though she's still too small and uncoordinated to know how the hula hoops work.  She played around with the blue blocks.  She also love the little rock pit construction site, shoveling, sweeping, and dropping rocks into the sink,  She just enjoyed running around, exploring, and playing and the fact that you have a perfect view of the Golden Gate Bridge is a definite plus.Tip: Bring your own lunch,  We tried the cafe but the food was average for the price.  Also, there are deals on Groupon, Amazon Local, possibly Living Social for entrance fees.  You can save at least $10.
Love it. The 3 year old has loved it on every visit. Stunning city and bridge views. Worth every penny. If you haven't been get there.
Came here about three times, and enjoy it very much. The stuff members are very friendly and be nice for the kids and parents. The weather here is very sunny so you don't have to worry about most of the play areas are outdoor. And they always have a good deal on groupon, that's why I came here three times without membership.
Question: Where can I go with my children for a long afternoon that is affordable, has easy access and ample parking, is educational, has some healthy food options, and has majestic views of the Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge? Answer: Bay Area Discovery MuseumI recently visited the Bay Area Discovery Museum for my first time attending a birthday party. I had heard good things, but was impressed beyond my expectations. The very, very obvious first thing you will notice are the majestic views of the Marin Headlands and the Bay Area, including the Golden Gate Bridge. You will want to take pictures from the parking lot. Take it from me - My family and I took family pictures around this area (Fort Baker) a few years ago. Even if you never go into the museum you can walk around Fort Baker and all the trails. The trails are fairly easy and great for kids. Also, you can check out the sailboats in the area, but I digress....There is ample parking, which I was initially surprised by since it's such a popular destination. It's also located right off the 101, the first exit north of the Golden Gate Bridge. Make sure you follow the signs because it can get a little confusing with all of the turnoffs. There are also a lot of cyclists in the area not to mention a lot of families and children, including strollers around the parking lot and walking areas. So, go slow. The entrance to the museum itself is fairly well marked (keep going left!) but again look for the signs and you should be okay.When we visited the museum we were there for a birthday party which includes face painting and a treasure hunt out in this massive outdoor playground area, but I'll get to that later. The birthday party was held in an upstairs room right above the main entrance. When you walk into the main entrance you can either go to pay for your tickets and go right into the museum, go upstairs or in one of the adjacent rooms for whatever event. I saw a bouncy house in one of the downstairs rooms. It looked like quite the party. If you pay for one of the rooms there is a package that includes a certain number of people in your party getting into the museum. The best news is they clean up everything after you're done. Nothing too special about the face painter, but what was special was the treasure hunt that happened at the end of the birthday party. This is when we left the room and all went into the museum and headed to the far end to the playground area. The playground area is very cool and I've never seen anything like this before. It was here that all the kids were given a treasure map and they went from station to station with little shovels looking for a treasure package. Each treasure package included a few little toys like water guns, a slinky, and some fake gold coins.  It was just awesome to see how excited these kids were running from place to place looking for these treasure bags. The playground area itself is huge. It has all kinds of unique play areas that include a boat, a bridge, walking trails, a big bell you can ring, a cave, and many other things. There are also restrooms nearby in case you or your kid need it. Also not that far away from the playground area is the restaurant. I was pretty impressed by the restaurant. First of all, the people working there are very nice. They didn't have the smoothies that my daughter wanted but they were apologetic which helped. There are a lots of healthy eating options in addition to all kinds of sugary treats. A lot of the food is made fresh there, which I really like. The prices are not outrageous there, maybe $6-$10 per meal. We ultimately chose not to buy anything so I can't speak to the quality, but there were plenty of people around us that were enjoying their food.The rest of the museum is largely made up of the separate buildings that are basically all separate modules with different exhibits. The exhibits include an art station, a train room, a water/ocean room, and several other cool modules. My favorite was the train room, but we spent by far most of our time in the playground area. In my opinion the playground area by itself is worth the price of admission. They're also a lot of shaded areas in the playground area for those of us that want to get out of the sun.On our way out we got a discounted membership ($99) because it was Grandparent's Day.Looking forward to returning with my mother-in-law =)
We went here with our walking and active almost 13 month old. It was a very cold day so we didn't really play outside at all, and even though there was a tot place for the smaller kids, it was only two small rooms. Everything else here is definitely more enjoyable for 2 years and up. We only spent 45min in total at the museum... However, the suuuper nice people at the front desk did not only refund me but also gave me free admission to come back when our kid is a bit older, which we definitely will!!
Had a great time yesterday at the Discovery Museum I took a 8 year old in the 12 year old and even though its for 6 years and under they had a brilliant time they discovered a lot they played a lot and they were totally enthusiastic  and it kept them entertained for hours.. well worth the 2 hour drive to and from.. can't wait to go again it'll be fun
Amazing location, well thoughtout, engaging, creative, beautiful place. A family favorite since my kids were babies.
4.5 stars is right. It's a great place for kids of all ages to have fun at. Walking toddlers will enjoy the little stream at toddler height, with water flowing through. My daughter was there for a good hour. They provide water proof aprons to help with the splash. In general, a pretty clean place for babies to crawl around. There's also an art studio for kids to paint and draw on the wall. That has got to be the best thing. The parent's don't have to clean up!The food options aren't bad either and depending on the time of the year, they have special event tickets you can purchase for performances in the yard. The only downfall is the weather. It's not always sunny around this area, but I still love it. They also have one in San Jose. I suggest bringing a change of clothes for the kids. They will be knocked out in the car afterwards, so clean em up and let them sleep on the way home.
I went along on a field trip here with my son's day care.  We had a great time!  There are so many things for kids to do there.  Highlights for our group (ages 4 months to 2 and a half) included the little river outside with toy frogs and fish,  the trampoline things in the toddler area, xylophone, drums,  foamy blocks to build with,  and the playground.  There is also a puppet theater and an area to do art projects,  which we didn't have time to visit.  The Bay Area Discovery Museum is a great place for kids to explore,  play,  and be kids.  One thing I noticed when driving there was that some of the signs that look like they are for cars are actually for bikes and therefore might lead you the wrong way if you're driving.  I'd a sign looks kinds of small,  it's likely meant for bikes. Super fun place to bring kids!
Fun place to take the kiddos with lots to do.  Lots of fun activities for toddlers and younger kids:  water activities, bubbles, hula hoops, learning about waves, climbing apparatuses, arts and crafts, etc.  It's located right on the other side of the Golden Gate bridge.  Spectacular view of the bridge from here.
Absolutely loved this place. The view is spectacular. Loved the indoor and outdoor areas. Wish they had a place like this in NJ. The Curious George space was kind of weak but everything else was wonderful. My daughter didn't want to leave. She had so much fun and passed out as soon as she sat down in the car.
This place is awesome for little ones!  We didn't think we'd be here for as long as we did, and the kids still didn't want to go home.The views of the Golden Gate are majestic.It is chilly, so make sure you bring a jacket!
With free first Wednesdays every month, plus late hours on Fridays during the summer, this place accommodates every family's budget and schedule. If you have guest or family members with little ones visiting the Bay Area this summer, you should definitely check this place out. You can entertain the kids while checking off that Golden Gate Bridge photo opp in one stop.Useful tips: - No matter the season, dress in layers (duh). - Bring a second pair of clothes and socks in case water table play gets out of control.- Food's available in the cafe, or you can pack a picnic and eat on the grass outside in the Presido. - Better yet, if nap schedule allows, take your picnic to Rodeo Lagoon off Bunker Rd. It's about a 11 min drive from the museum. It's a perfect way to end a fun filled day in beautiful Marin Headlands.Every kid is different so here are more details about our own experience:At age 11 months and being an only child, we worried our son was too shy around other kids. So we took him to Tot Spot where he nervously watched the older kids play. By the end of the day he was more comfortable playing in a noisey space. It was an important moment for us and a big step for our little guy. He loved the water table and climbing structures inside.Now at age 22 months our son has a blast throughout the whole museum.  The staff is always friendly and approachable, no easy task for a place pending on chaos. Most impressive was the staff in the cafe tending to moody, hungry kids and overwhelmed parents. I was only disappointed in the fact they weren't not tipped enough by the customers. Everytime you tip, the staff yells yippee or something. While standing in line I only heard them cheer once.  Seriously,  these guys deserve a round of applause for working so efficiently and professionally in a crowded, loud work environment. The chai surpassed my exspectations too.Great place, great staff, a lot of fun for families.
Pros:- Lots of restrooms available throughout the grounds so parents don't have to worry about having to wait in line with their toddlers who are still not able to hold their bladder well. Restrooms are almost no wait during my trip there, and the one i went to even have a small toilet bowl perfect for toddler's height! - Good variation of different type of adventures for your little one, from treasure hunting in a pirate ship, to pretending to be a construction builder, to climbing the hills and visiting the maze. For toddlers under 42", there is a great water stream area where they can learn about fishes and frogs behavior in the stream. There is also a safe and clean indoor play area for toddlers where there are "water beds" for them to jump on. (my favorite part of the area!)- Lost of tables and benches around the area for parents to rest and to have some snacks. Catch one that brings you a great view of the golden gate bridge! - There are two mechanism by the entrance that blows bubbles into the area which delights the kids. - I visited the cafe at around 1 pm so the lunch rush hour has probably passed, so there wasn't any line by then. The cafe serves organic and healthy food, with kids meal decorated to look like butterfly, flower, spider, which is such a delight. For the quality of food they served, i think they are reasonable priced. Cons:some of the exhibit didn't seem to interest the kids. The wave exhibit was empty during my visit. Would love if there are some little rides for the little ones to ride on, while the parents catch their breath and enjoy the view. All in all, it was a memorable trip and our toddler spent 6 hours of endless fun and konked out the moment we got onto the car! TIP: There is a Groupon offer going on right now, and it's about 30-50% savings. Also, with 3 check-ins you can get 1 free child admission (saving $11). Have fun!
My child really enjoyed his visit here. We thought a lot of the activities were interesting and age appropriate. Will definitely come back when we have the chance.
This was a pretty cool spot.There are many things done outside, such as the playgrounds and activitives with water... so try to go on a good day IMO.But there are also some great stuff to do indoors. There are mazes and displays with boats and toys. There is painting and crafting. It is a wonderful place to bring kids. My son has tons of fun here.
My kid LOVES this place. And he doesn't like anything. Beautiful setting in an old Coast Guard base. Breathtaking views of the Golden Gate and the City from the parking lot.I bought a membership after a second visit because my little guy likes it so much here. Great place to let them run. Lots to do. Parents and staff everywhere. Very safe environment.Recommended for 1-8 year olds. They even have a tot area for the toddlers to play around in.Check it out. Highly recommended!
I came here with my son when he was about 6 months old and didn't get too much out of our visit besides meeting up with friends. Fast forward to now that he's one year old & wow, we love this museum! The location is unique. The museum is outdoors with each activity area in a different building. My favorite by far is the toddler area. Inside is a padded gym/playground with waterbeds, caves, steps, and perfectly placed benches that allow my cruiser to explore freely. Outside, there's a stream that is, again, the perfect height for little ones. The arts & crafts building has really neat activities. The transportation building has some huge train sets. This place was made for fun. The museum's location is unique. Make some time to walk around the waterfront and take some great pics of the bridge. The membership is a good deal if you plan on visiting the museum more than 3 times, which you should cause it's awesome.
Great place to spend the day! Beautiful views of the GG Bridge, great outdoor space to enjoy a picnic or something from the cafe. Plenty of indoor and outdoor activities to discover involving music, art, tinkering, play, and environmental education. Even at 11 months, there were plenty of activities to excite our little one. We liked it so much we converted our day passes into a year-long family membership! Bonus is that they have reciprocal membership agreements with tons of museums across the nation, and many 50 percent off deals in the Bay Area.
I find it absurd that so many places that charge admission also charge for parking. So, it is refreshing that this place offers free parking. First thing, sign up for their email newsletters and get $1 off each admit ticket.This place is a child's great haven of fun and laughs. My 3 yr old daughter yelled "this is so exciting" while skipping towards the play areas. Lots and lots and lots of kids here. All happy. Mind stimulating fun for every type of kid imaginable. My kids favorite was probably the paint area. Ever since she watched me paint our apt walls, she's been dying to try her hand at painting. Bring snacks and food here, the food doesn't look that appetizing. Also bring a jacket, it gets pretty chilly.A few areas of improvement...consider transforming the asphalt walkways into something more kid friendly. Not only does it look drab, but I saw a few kids eat the pavement while tripping over random storm grates. Also, consider allowing outside food into the museum (esp for kids parties - the biggest reason we decided against having our kids bday party here).Oh one more thing...like the larger amusement parks, this place should close their souvenir shop 30 min after the museum closes. Can't tell you how many families were denied entry at 5pm. Lost $$.
I took my granddaughter here yesterday, using my Groupon.  ( groupon.com/visitor_refe… ) We got 6 tickets for for $36.  Since there were 5 of us, I gave one of my tickets away ( pay it forward!)My granddaughter is 2 and she had a blast. She was able to relate to almost all the activities.  I think I will give the family a membership so that they can come back.  Parking is free and convenient.  Great location to take family pictures of the Golden Gate Bridge, without as many people around.  When driving in the area, beware of the cyclists, they don't quite understand the rules of the road and they are all over the place.
So much fun for a day by the Bay with littles.  Play and explore, create art and climb trees.  Walk to the pier afterwards, skip stones on the beach at the marina, watch the fisherfolks, walk the grounds, breathe the air.  So much more than a museum.
Love this place! Different concept going in and out of the areas! Really liked that! Need a whole day to really explore! Bonus is views of the Golden Gate Bridge on a warm clear day!
Brought my young 2-year old (26 months) here over the weekend with another family. She loved everything from the minute we walked in. We didn't even get to the "Tot" area. In fact, she was screaming with delight at pretty much every exhibit. Outdoor xylophones and other noise-making things. Hula hoops. Outdoor foam building blocks were a big hit. The indoor exhibits were also fantastic, with a water play/wave making machine, art studio, etc. They  are open 9am-5pm, which works great for us. On our next visit, I plan to get there close to when they open, and then head back after lunch. Napping in the car is guaranteed! I would pack a lunch/snacks if you go. The turkey/avocado sandwich I had was tasty, but I'd rather not spend time in line if I don't have to. This is a great place if you have kids of different ages too. My friend brought her 5.5 year old and he loved it. I would think kids up to age 7 would probably enjoy it.  I also think kids as young as 15 months would enjoy some of the exhibits. Everything is very interactive.Parking is free and plentiful (I got a space even though I didn't get there until close to 12noon). Views are spectacular.TIP: The price of your admission can be put toward a membership
Unique, clean and interactive. My 2.5 year old loved it. Went during the Curious George exhibit - couldn't have lucked out more. Definitely inspired creative thinking for everyone!
This place was fun!  It was very interactive and catered to my 7 year old daughter!  There were plenty of activities for her to get into.  My 16 year old daughter also had a blast!  The location was nice, beautiful view of the bridge.  I look forward to returning and spending the day.
I absolutely love this place and so does my toddler.  This place has a lot of interactive fun to offer and He enjoys ALL the activities and showcases they have. They   Have a wrecked ship where kids can use shovels and look for "treasures" and the sand they use dont get the kids dirty  so dont worry about cleaning their shoes. They also have painting rooms and art activities that kids can do with recycled materials . I personally think that a $150/year membership is well worth it !
Best place to take your children for a fun day, rain or shine, it's the perfect place to hang out. Have plenty of indoor and outdoor activities to do. Have age appropriate activities for all ages (under 10).
Meh. I would hardly call this place a "museum." It's really a glorified playground, as others have mentioned. Brought my 18-month-old here, and we mainly stayed at the Tot Spot. The big playground area had too many older kids behaving like... they're at a playground. He really enjoyed the indoor play areas, especially the "ponds." Unfortunately, we went on a cloudy, overcast day and it was rather cold. We let the little guy play in the stream for a few minutes, but it got cold really quickly. I'm guessing on a nicer day it would be a lot more fun.I just think for the price of admission, it's not worth it. There are free playgrounds with similar play structures and even some with sand and water. Buy the Groupon if you really want to check it out. I highly recommend packing a lunch. Their food isn't horrible, but it's nothing to rave about either. They ran out of a few items when we were there anyway. The best bet is to bring your own food.I most likely won't come back, especially since it's pretty far away. But I guess if you live locally, it's a decent option to take your toddlers here on a nice, warm day.
Took my son here (and of course my daughter but she was only 2 months old at the time) and he loved it ! - Great location w/ a perfect view of the bridge- Free parking- Lots of activities for different age groups- Weather was nice (summer time)I'll be coming back here when my daughter gets a little older.
Admittedly, our daughter may be a little on the young side (14 mo) to fully enjoy the Bay Area Discovery Museum. They do have a cool tot spot that she loved, although it took her a bit to get into it. Once she found the "ponds" she was all over it! We ventured over to Lookout Cove which was probably the coolest playground ever, but build with bigger kids in mind. We played on what she could safely play on and then headed back to the art studio to see what has happening. When we walked in and saw the giant table of leaves and glue we turned right around and walked out. We didn't feel like chopping off our daughter's hair due to glue covered hands. This is definitely something for a few years from now. The 5+ crowd we saw in there were having a blast.Just outside the art studio is the worlds largest set of tinker toys. Pretty neat stuff.The bay hall was really neat. The toy trains were the only thing that interested our daughter, but the inner child in me really wanted to jump out and play with all the cool boat and wharf equipment.Next we took the short walk to the wave workshop. Again, this isn't for 1yr old kids really, although we did enjoy looking at the neat shells and wave box.We didn't try out the Bean Sprouts Café... didn't even know it was there until after we had the snack we brought at the dining deck. The café is below that. I now know for next time.All in all, it was a pretty enjoyable trip, although I think we will definitely benefit from it more when out daughter is 3+. It may just be the tightwad in me, but I thought it was pretty lame that both parents have to pay admission for something that is entirely a kids experience. Now I understand why so many kids there only had one parent with them. We won't be back often, but I'm sure we will return someday.
This place is a treasure.Just a quick hop/skip/jump over the bridge and you're in a space that's perfectly tailored to kids.It feels very open and spacious and yet sealed-in enough that you won't see your kids zipping away from you into infinity.The layout of the space is very clear, and they have people around every corner to direct you if you don't know where to go.Their toddler corner was absolutely perfect for our 12 month old. The bouncy areas were clean, filled with bright drawings and could hold a number of kids at a time. Every now and then we'd have the room to ourselves and it never felt so big that she was nervous--I know kids can get that way sometimes in unfamiliar open spaces.Music is pretty much a touchstone of everything. You see random drums and xylophones laying all over the place.The "pirate" ship at the end is just fantastic for slightly older kids. They can run around in what's really a very nice, big park.I won't disagree that maybe "museum" gives you the wrong impression. There are indeed exhibits and "studios" where you can learn about things and they are very cool. But primarily the space is designed to let your kids run around, have fun, and maybe occasionally learn something new.
This place is awesome !  My fiancé, son, & I all had a blast.  The area for kiddos his age is naturally pretty small, but totally great.  I can't wait 'til he's walking & we bring him back.  It's also a great stop on a hot inland day, as it sits next to the Golden Gate & has a nice breeze.
Fun activities for toddlers. I like the outdoor activities with the big foam puzzle.
Went there last Saturday with a group of friends!! We loved the place and I think my 14 months old loved it even more!!! This place is a gem hidden in Sausalito .....they have something for most age group although I recommend you go there when your baby is a independent walker/climber.....to make it easier for your self .I think it is a bit pricy considering your paying full price for a toddlerAnother advice: bring your own lunch/ snacks as their menu is limited and maybe not what you would expect, specially if you have a picky eater!Try their smoothies,vanilla  ice cream....yummy yummyWill be back for sure!!
My family really loved this museum.  It was really fun for all of us, not just the kiddo.  Lots of natural beauty in the area, stunning views of the Golden Gate Bridge, and lots of hands on activities for a curious preschooler.
I'm a babysitter and I love taking kids I work with here! It's a great place for an amazing variety of activities! Dress warm since it's right on the bay and maybe pack a lunch, the cafeteria is priced normal for the area but may be high for those not used to Marin prices!PS - Hannah in the art room is the most productive employee I've seen here! She was totally cleaning up, restocking supplies, and showing kids how to do things. I was very impressed!
