This place is definitely one of the top spots to check out if you're visiting The Bay or if you're a local looking for a spectacular view of the city. No joke, y'all! Remember that scene in 500 Days of Summer where Joseph Gordon Levitt takes Zoey Deschanel to his favorite spot in Downtown LA? Well, sorry JGL, but this place is SO MUCH BETTER. Don't get me wrong, I love DTLA and that movie. ;)My friend and I drove up the very hilly Daly City, passing by random streets, getting lost with navigation, and wondering if we were going the right way. However, once I walked down the wooden pathway, my jaw dropped because I couldn't get over how picturesque everything was! You just have to see for yourself. The day I went was pretty clear and nice. There's the view of downtown SF, Bay Bridge, East Bay, San Mateo Bridge, Golden Gate, beautiful Daly City homes, etc. Of course, thanks to social media this place has gotten so popular because of the SWING! Hashtag *Swing Life Away.* :P Fortunately, when we arrived, there was this friendly gentleman that put up a new swing! AKA: a piece of wood wrapped around a rope. Pretty scary, but super fun. The swing, I REPEAT, THE SWING is either there or not! We definitely got lucky that day! The swing itself is another bonus to this already awesome park. But even if it's not there, you won't be disappointed by the view...well, maybe if you were hoping to Instagram an epic swing picture. :P Either way, you'll appreciate the city when you look at it from this top view.
How did I hear about this place??About a year ago a friend sends me a photo and I was blown away....I figure why not take a trip here on Mother's day!The drive is around Twin Peaks, so you can see hidden views all over.Beware of parking, as signs says NO Parking in certain area's. Upon entering I was looking forward to take a candid on the swing but I noticed bummer someone took it off!A little disappointed but the breathtaking views took me in awe. A pure Gem! I heart SF!!
Great view of the city. Went here in hopes to swing from the infamous tree swing with a view but unfortunately couldn't reach the swing. If you're coming here with hopes to swing from the tree, bring your own heavy duty rope to tie to the tree just in case. Something I wish I had been told to do. If you're coming for the view then you will surely be satisfied with that alone. I would recommend a picnic if the weather is nice and not windy.
Great views of the city from up here. There is ample parking right in front of the park if you are coming by car. Unfortunately the swing was taken out when we stopped by in April. It was quite empty for a Sunday afternoon which was nice.
The view from the hill is amazing. We were excited to try the swing out but unfortunately it was taken down while we were there.
Another SF tourist trap. Sorta.I've been here twice. The first time I went here was during the day. I took a couple of friends from out of town. The swing was in tact & there was one other group taking pics but there is a section with a view that is fenced off that can serve as an alternative or a distraction while you wait.A line can form rather quickly & you can't really take your time taking the pics you want to take because everyone is just standing there waiting for you. Just sayin'I went here at midnight the second time, &&&& my oh my, don't do it unless you're with a big group. Getting to the swing is SUUUUUUPER dark & although it's in a nice neighborhood it's still creepy & can have a couple of wanderers just posting up. The view at night though is GORG! City lights have always been a weakness of mine. OH! But when we got there, the swing was cut down. It was quite sad, actually.So it's a gamble if the swing is up or not from reading the other reviews.They should have a website that states if there is a swing up or not. SUGGESTION BOX!But all in all, AMAZING views of part of the city & a great novelty idea for both tourists & locals alike :)
Small hill with mainly a view of the residential homes. A lot of people and their dogs come through. The swing that is usually here was cut off.
Took a spur of the moment trip here this weekend and wasn't disappointed. The view is ridiculous. No swing (5/1/2016) but we enjoyed regardless. We easily found parking on diamond street and walked down beacon to get to the park. If you're from out of town I'd only recommend  going here if you're in the area as it is kind of remote and very small. Alternatively, Bernal Heights park offers 360 views, dog friendly walking trails and proximity to other must see SF sights.
Nice view of SF from here and very easy to get to. Sadly, the swing is gone now as of may 4th 2016. Parking is very easy in the streets. I will probably come back at night for a view of the city lights.
Honestly there's more than enough review to give the details about the not-so-big-dirt-path park, the often cut-down swing, and the gorgeous view. I am writing this review (my 200th!!!)  because the bf deserves some recognitions! We visited on Aug 14 and back then I wasn't aware that someone often cut down the swing. I was devastated when we got there and seeing no swing. After much pleading and nagging, the bf decided that he will build a swing for me to swing on and take pictures. Sadly, it seems like as of today, the swing is gone AGAIN! Dude it cost me $30 to get the supplies from Homedepot and the bf risking his life climbing up the trees. I should have stick with my original plan of using steel chain. Thank you Mr. P for building me the swing!
I love these hidden parks spread throughout the area with these ridiculous SF views. This park is certainly more than just the swing but keep in mind it comes and goes without any warning. I've seen people park their cars, walk a few steps in, see that the swing is gone and off they go back into their cars. The popularity of this park seemed to have grown due to social media so it's sadly no longer a secret only known to locals. A nice park to enjoy with your dog(s) as well.
Before we went to SF, I read reviews that the swing was already gone--only ropes were there.So we still checked this place out for the views, but when we got there, the swing was back!!The views were incredible: if you like the views also check out Twin Peaks.It's a neighborhood park and houses around here are nice.It's also a pretty great workout with the stairs, too.I heard that the fence weren't there before, but for safety purposes, it had to be there.Check it out if you're near the area. It's somewhat secluded!
Amazing spot with a view. The swing looks a bit sketchy but it's super fun. I was a chicken and didn't swing out super far since it's quite possible to fall far far far down. Would have given it five stars but it's cold as Alaska up here. Definitely worth it though!!
I was on a quest yesterday to see a few spots I had on my SF bucket list and this was one of them! A hidden gem in the city and a great scenic romantic spot for a date :) I don't know if there is always as much traffic as we saw, but usually 3-4 groups of people coming and going at least when we were there after lunch. It *was* a really pretty day yesterday with no fog in the city and sunny skies so I'm sure more people were out playing. It's definitely a great place to sit and talk and catch a view. The swing appears to be back despite the reviews before...looks like someone put back the swing! It feels so nice and surreal swinging on it and that view....I was a little nervous before going because I wasn't sure how safe the swing would be but after seeing so many people try it, I was pretty sure my weight would hold. A little girl even came and stood on the swing, swaying back and forth until she was almost level with the tree branch! There's usually a line of people waiting to have a turn and take a picture but it goes by pretty quickly. There's a slight breeze on the hill, but it felt good yesterday...I'd definitely come back if I happened to be in the area :)
Tons of parking around and the view is gorgeous! You get a glimpse of the residential parts of the city, as well as the downtown skyline and bay bridge. Also, this place isn't too crowded, which is a huge plus! The swing is there on and off, as I hear the residents cut it off to keep their peace and quiet. I don't blame them as the swing makes for such a great photo op and view of San Francisco! Unfortunately, I did not get to witness this swing on my first visit here. I bumped into someone who told me to check pictures of the location on Instagram before coming. If someone saw it within a week, it should still be there! I'll be sure to do so next time I decide to visit again!
Very short walk for a nice SF view! But super sad to see that someone had taken the swing down :(
Awesome view point of the city here and it never really gets crowded! Mainly because there's not much to do but check out the swing and take pictures.Street parking is always plentiful and it's a short walk down the steps where the swing is. The swing always seems to change whenever I come here! It was a skateboard, then a wooden plank, and now it's an orange cone!Definitely check this place out if you haven't had a chance yet. A go-to spot when I have people visiting - we always make a stop here!
Three stars because it's a small park and it's impossible to predict what you're going to get. Still worth visiting!For me, the funnest part about Billy Goat Hill was trying to piece together the park's entrance location from pictures on Yelp/Instagram. Google maps takes you to a residential street; it's up to you to find the trail head from there (it's marked with a signpost!). The trail itself isn't hard (no need for hiking shoes or anything like that) - most of it is actually stairs. There were several dog walkers.The star attraction of this park is the iconic swing that hangs from a tree at the base of the stairs and stars in many instagrams. I sadly missed out on taking a picture swinging on it; it was cut down just 48 hours before I got there. Previous reviews indicate that new swings appear every few weeks. If you really want a picture on swinging into the San Francisco horizon (and I don't blame you!), bring a swing with you. Or search for evidence of the swing's current status on Instagram before you leave. Even if the swing is gone when you get there, the view is gorgeous on a non-foggy day and has very easy residential parking. Bring a camera and maybe a picnic for a fun hour admiring the cityscape.
I went back in February and someone cut down the damn rope. I went again 8/1 and it was there! Yayyyyyy. I wanted that epic photo of me standing and swinging like Miley in Party in the USA and I think I failed haha. There is obviously a line for those photos which is the downside of this. You feel rushed and you cant take the photo you desperately want in every single angle. So with those few minutes, you better twerk it. This swing is lower than the other because if you sit on it and swing, your feet will touch the floor. I stood on top and it was a bit shaky and scary but needed that photo op. Yup you get that view of SF which is nice but I really couldnt enjoy myself entirely because there is seriously a crowd before and after you waiting and you feel damn rushed.
Although the swing was not up when my bf and I came on 1/1/16 afternoon(ish) the view was breathtaking! The kid in me wanted to use the swing, maybe next trip I can catch it. Will be checking yelp for updates. My soul died a little when I saw just the ropes hanging from the branches lol   :-(
Let me start off by saying- Do not listen to google maps to reach this point walking. It took me an hour with all the hill climbing I did.To find this location you must know to enter the dirt path which I didn't and wandered into the area. The swing was missing and to be honest I don't think I would have tried it despite the fact that was the sole reason for the visit with the bonus view.It's a dirty path so I would not recommend wearing open toe shoes. My sneakers got filthy and so did the bottom of my jeans. (Now I have to go back to my room and change) The views are amazing from any angle so bring your selfie stick or another person to take photos of you if that's your thing. It was a family of 3 when I arrived which was leaving and before I left a group of two. Safe to assume not many people visit that area.
The view is beautiful! But the swing isn't there anymore!! Took the Uber here from sunset and it only cost $8! Whoo hoo!!
Here one day, gone the next. Seriously stopped by yesterday and the swing was intact. Come back the next morning and it's cut down AGAIN!!! Who is cutting down the swing and why?! True mystery. The view is still spectacular despite it being swing-less. Bummer.
WOWW! Fun + great view + awesome ice cream near by!! Bring a camera & wear hiking shoes!! I've always wanted to come here because of the lovely view...I live in the sunsets, and to come here by bus takes too long (45min, 2 buses) so we decided to take an Uber ($12 split between 4 people). The park itself is tiny, but you can see the entire city from the hill. There is a swing that hangs from a tree. IT IS VERY SAFE. Two of my guy friends were on it at the same time and it didn't even break. Make sure to ask someone to take a picture of you from behind, when you are swinging to the highest point - it'll look like you are flying into the city. Really cool!! Your shoes may get dirty since the park is just dirt. Wear something that you don't mind getting dirty. Mitchell's ice cream is also 10-minutes away by walking, so definitely check that out!!
One of the few places with swings around SF!Driving to this hill is all uphill, so driving stick can make it a pretty steep drive.  What I like is that there are plenty of spots to park at.  The park itself is somewhat small.  The secluded spots for a picnic with your date are usually taken whenever I've gone here.  Once you walk down the stairs you can already see the swings hanging on the tree or people using them.  This place would've gotten a 5/5, but I gave it a 4 because sometimes the swings aren't there and that kinda the big reason why I'd make the drive here rather than a closer view of the city.  I'm not sure if the ropes wear down or people just vandalize and remove them, but when the swings aren't there it just seems like an alright park to me haha.  It gets pretty cold up there as well, so bring a jacket!  Bring food too to enjoy eating with a great view of the city.
Swing on hill overlooking the city. So San Francisco. Only in this city would there be a swing on a hill with one of the most gorgeous views of SF. It's a shame I'm terrified of heights and could not even sit on that thing for more than 10 seconds without freaking out. My friends had fun swinging on it though. And if you're like me who has borderline acrophobia, you can still enjoy the pretty view and take some awesome shots of the city! Tip: watch out for mosquitoes!
I've been here multiple times, both when the swing was here and when the swing wasn't, and I enjoyed it every single time. The swing definitely provides for some great photos and the fun experience of "swinging over the city". However, the view is just as amazing when the swing isn't there. This is a great spot to come and picnic or a nice spot to simply enjoy some beautiful SF views.
This is an awesome place to visit as both locals and tourists! I think this is one of the places that not many people know about, so it's not as crowded as you think. It's also in a somewhat residential area. There's definitely parking in the neighborhood and you can park and just walk to the little spot. My friends and I came here during night time, which was definitely a bad idea. We were visiting other places and ended up here after dark. It was a different experience I guess. But we used our flashlights and were able to get down to the swing safely! The view was beautiful though, overseeing the city lights. No pictures could do it justice. And being on that swing was so much fun and so scary (because it was pitch black). But with the wind blowing into your face and your hair, it's such a lovely feeling! It's such a peaceful sight.I am coming back when it's day time to see it in a different perspective. I do recommend this place! It's a nice tourist-y place to visit.
Wonderful swinging on a rope and scenic urban city view!  You do it for the moment, the glee on hopping on to the swing and weeeeeee...smile for the picture snapshot!It's a bliss and a pleasant breeze while on the rope!
The scenery is amazing here! You can see so far and the sun is just glistening. I really recommend significant others to come and just sit down and have a chat while enjoying the scenery. For the photographers, there is this swing on which you can have your model sit on and you can take pictures of them along with the view. Just be careful about your footing! I also love the houses on the side of the park. The windows are big, doors are cute, and building is cute. I would love to live in one of these houses one day and enjoy the amazing scenery!
I love taking my dog here! I just hate pulling all the foxtails out of her fur because Rec & Park doesn't trim them. Also the rope swing is gone! Whoever did that is a dickhead. The last swing that was there was VERY nice. It had a rubber coating on the seat. It's nice when there's no riffraff or thugs drinking booz & smoking cigarettes then leaving all their crap & trash behind. The path near the rope hanging from the tree is slippery as heck from erosion. It's where there's a gap in between the set of stairs. Be careful or you'll slip and fall on your ass. I've seen that happen to people! Rec & Park needs to build stairs there too!! Other than that, it's a nice place for dogs to go and for you to get a workout from 9 flights of stairs!
Great views during the drive and when getting to this spot. Unfortunately the swing wasn't up when we got there, but still a nice place to stand around, take in the scenery, & take some really nice pictures. It's a nice little escape for the busy streets.
Came here to take a cool picture on the swing but the swing was gone :( Still a beautiful park though, especially during twilight.
I am still very disappointed that the swing is no longer here. Although the swing is no longer there, it's still a nice place to just relax on a nice sunny day in SF with a amazing view. I hope for a miracle next time I come and the swings are back!
I came here a couple of months ago (I know, late review), and the swing was gone :( I think someone cut the swing off because there was still one piece of rope hanging from the tree. We still wanted the same experience everyone else was getting so we just took the rope and swung from that. Pretty scary if you can barely reach it (like me) or if you can't get a good grip. To be honest, the fall isn't thaaat far down hahaha. While one of my friends fearlessly swung from the rope, my other friend was terrified. I thought it was scary the first time and then kind of thrilling afterwards.Overall though, it was a good mini hike up the hill and the view is really nice. Totally instagram/facebook worth too :P
Loved it here but there still wasn't a swing on 2/21/16 :( hope to come back in the future and see one there!
Whether it be a death defying leap or a bird's eye view of San Francisco, Billy Goat Hill will quench any adventurer's thirst for excitement.Atop a hill that oversees the city, lies a sturdy tree with two ropes attached. Depending on how daring you are, you have the choice of a seated swing or one that requires Tarzan capabilities where you dangle freestyle from a single stick, vertically.Of course I chose the one where you sit and don't have to concentrate on pectoral, bicep, and abdominal coordination. Uh chyeah... ain't nobody got time for that!In anticipation, and with a sprinkle of nervousness, I sat on the flimsy wooden swing and prayed I wouldn't topple down the steep, rocky hill. Alas, I gained the courage and momentum and took the jump; and there I was... swinging like a monkey without a care in the world.The views from uphill are incredibly breathtaking. You can see all the way out into SOMA, the Financial District, Potrero Hill, the bay waters, and on a clear day, you can even catch the Golden Gate Bridge in all its glory. If you've ever craved to be that eagle in the sky, this is the perfect place to experience that wind beneath your wings. You truly do feel as if you're soaring in the clouds.Oh and also, regarding the swing, the rope between the legs can cause a bit of chafing if you're not too careful. I guess this gives a new meaning to road rash. Just wear a cup if you're packing beans and a frank and you are SET. There's a trail that leads down to the bottom of the hill. So if you're not as daring, you can still enjoy a beautiful view and a short hike.I highly recommend coming here to experience another one of San Francisco's hidden treasures. This will be a memorable experience. Rug burn or not.
I heard there was a rope swing here but it seems as though it is completely gone. Other reviewers state there was some remaining bit of rope left, but on our visit last week  there was nothing left of it. But the view was still amazing and hubby and I sat in the tree for cute little photos. Ran into another group we had seen at another secret spot, and met some ladies who we chatted with and took a photo for them and they took one of us for us. I was nice to see the view and meet some nice people. Maybe the swing will be replaced soon but even if it is not, give this little park a visit and check out the view, don't forget the pups if you have them!
I came here on Saturday, January 24, 2015.Who cut off the swings? Reveal yourself!!!!!!!!!!!
Very pretty but the swing has just been cut down! Directions are very straight forward and the view is amazing!
they cut the swing off :( great view of the city though! took us only around 10-15 mins to finish the tiny trail
This was my first time here and I have to say this place is a MUST if you are visiting San Francisco! Beautiful view of the city as well as killer photo opportunities.The swing is pretty difficult and scary to get onto, but it is definitely worth it! My heart was beating fast and I got an adrenaline rush. However, it's very relaxing when swinging and enjoying the view. Good news is, if you happen to fall, the hill isn't too steep to kill you. You'd only tumble down and get some bruises. Overall, it's a great place for memorable experiences. I will definitely be revisiting!
This place is amazing, when the swing is there. When the swing is there, people are kind enough to take turns. Parking along the street is always easy too which is a plus. A lot of people know about this place, but its never crowded nor is there a line. Sadly when I came on 8/15, the swing was gone. I know it's been cut down a couple times, but someone always makes a new one, so bless their souls. Hopefully the swing will return soon!
Sometimes the swing is there...sometimes it isn't. It took me three tries to finally go on a day there was a swing :( but once I finally came here I LOVEDDDD IT. This place was a hidden gem but is becoming so popular that I've heard there are sometimes lines to take a photo on the swing. It sucks because it's such a relaxing place to be but now you can barely swing because there's so many people waiting for their turn, you kinda just have to get on, take your photo, and get off. I was lucky to get there when no one was there and had the luxury of actually swinging in peace. Just a tree with a swing and a view of the city. Everyone should come here at least once.
What a wonderful treasure hidden near Diamond Heights! Today was my first time visiting Billy Goat Hill and my friend and I were a little nervous after seeing Angela I's review from 10/11 saying the swing was broken (thanks for the heads up!) but there was a swing up and running! It was really fun to swing on and the day was so beautiful you couldn't help but feel like you were in elementary school again. I would suggest wearing sneakers because there are a lot of steps to take to get there and an uneven dirt path to go through to get to the actual swing. And don't forget to be touristy and take lots of pictures! Even if you don't go on the swing, the view is beautiful and on a clear day, you get to see a lot of the city. Will definitely be coming back!
This is a cute little spot. The park itself is tiny. We opted to drive up to Beacon St and walk down the little dirt path and some serious stairs. You can do an urban hike to get there through the streets. I was surprised to see the area empty. We came at the perfect time. I was bummed to see that the swing was down. I guess we should have brought our own. The park may be small, but the views are really great.
Great view of the city. It's true, the swing is no longer there but they're is a cool bench at the base of the park and a gated area for awesome pics.
Swing your way to the top, my darling! :)That's exactly what I did for Sunday Funday yesterday. What a perfect afternoon spent experiencing this amazing hidden gem of SF with my bestie!The address gets you in the residential area up in the hills. Plenty of parking; I remember that the sign said no parking between 10pm to 6am, I think. Walk along the pathway towards down the hill along the wood steps & you will almost instantly spot the tree with the rope/wood plank swing. There are two swings- one with the rope & wood plank seat while the other one is just of a rope. We both tried the wood plank one which was the less scarier one. Next time I'll try the other one. Such a wonderful place indeed. Beautiful view of this city that I love and being able to be a kid again! LOVE!
It was incredibly windy up here when I came so unfortunately I couldn't stay long to admire the awesome view. The swings were too high up to reach when I came which was disappointing but if there's a will then there's a way (even if that way involves dangerous tree climbing and rope swinging maneuvers). However, on a positive note, I really like admiring the houses around this area. Seriously prime real estate. The houses in this area all have ceiling to floor wide windows with which they can admire the glorious city scape. I'm envious of those house owners. This place has a long staircase that leads down to the tree with the swing. Come here if you're a swinger. Or if you're in for a mood swing. "Shawty swing my way, you sure look good to me so would you please swing my way."
It's an amazing view of the city, but when I came down all the stairs there was no swing!!! It looked like it had been cut down. Very disappointing but an amazing view so can't complain.
Gorgeous view of SF! I'm so happy I was able to visit park while the swing was still hanging on the tree. I've heard that it's no longer here... :( it was definitely a fun experience. I was scared to def sitting and swinging on it for like 3 swings but I had to do it because it was so IG worthy. Haha. Things that we do for IG now a days. Even though the swing is no longer there, it's still a great place to view and to have a picnic at on a gorgeous sunny day. Views are great and lots of grass to sit and enjoy.
Billy Goat Hill makes me feel like a child again!! The view is absolutely stunning!!! you can see all of SF, Some of Daily City, South SF and more!!!! It is the perfect view and on top of that, it has the most fun swing!!! Why would you not want to swing over on of the most beautiful cities in the world??? My experience was breathtaking! Swinging like a kid and over the most beautiful view!!! It is by no means a hike, depending on where you park, it is vista point to enjoy =)My goal is to come back at night and see the city!
This is a really cute park! It's super small but perfect for a scenic view of the whole city. Not 5 stars because the infamous swing was broken when I went there :(
I can't believe I was born and raised in SF and never knew about this place until recently! Absolutely breath taking with an entire view of the city, in the most peaceful neighborhoods ever. Today was also perfect weather but I highly recommend because of the coolest pictures! A little dangerous, so you better grip that swing unless you want to fall!
Went here at night. There are stairs that leads you to a spot where there's a great view of the neighboring residential area of Bernal Heights. Nice view! Very calm and relaxing. You can hear the Muni buses running by though, but it's actually quite soothing rather than irritating.There's also a swing that's hanging with just one rope from a tree branch (where's the other rope?!). It seems pretty sturdy, but also dangerous because if you fall off, you'll be tumbling down a hill...
8/2/15 swing was cut down. Views were still incredible, definitely worth the drive. I wish we could have used the swing though :(
great view, but the swing is no longer at the park.  if i had known earlier, i would've just visited twin peaks for the perfect view of the city sans the swing.dropped by after brunch one day in hope to play on the infamous swing over the city but there were only remnants of the rope from the swing being cut off.  sadness.
Roped in.Swing is currently no longer. But you can still grab the remaining rope and handle and propelling yourself off the ledge. Skyline background is a major Instagram win.It's slightly ridiculous, briefly terrifying and completely fun. Pretty much just like this beautiful city we call home.San Francisco just won't let go.
The view is amazing. The swing is fantastic! It's also a good place to go for a run. The only downside is the amount of garbage scattered throughout the hill (water bottles, beer bottles)
All views from the top in SF are gorgeous, but I do know there are much cooler ones than this one - the swing is gone too :( Still super cool to see different angles of the city!
This was so much fun! The park was a little hard to find, but it was worth it! I wouldn't exactly call it a park though.There's a rope swing at the top of some stairs that makes for some killer pictures. Awesome views of the city!!!
Every time my boyfriend and I go to SF we have talked about coming to this hill to take a picture on the swing. So this time we decieded to go an see it, and there was NO SWING! Sucks that someone had to ruin it for everyone else. But beautiful view! Would be great to watch the sunset or have a picnic.
As of 1/23 or as early as 1/19, the swing was taken down. I suspect is was some NIMBY neighbor but I sure hope it is replaced soon. There is another swing in Tiburon, fyi.
Definitely a place to go for the nice view. It's easy to get to and not hard to find at all. Parking is easy all the times I've been. You just park on the side and walk down the steps and you're there. Knocked a star off because the swing is ALWAYS missing when I go...I just want a swing pic like everyone else :(
true, this hill has a great viewpoint of the city but i would bet most people come here for the photo opp on the swing with the backdrop of the city. that's why iiii went anyway. i do beg the question "who maintains the swing" though. from the various photos i've seen the swing has come in different forms and when i went the rope was pretttttttty severed. nonetheless it was worth the risk of falling off the swing at it's furthest point out. actually, i DID fall off the swing but held onto the rope for dear life. i'm sure my audience was a little more afraid for their own turn following me. also, i sat on it backwards facing the hill so that my shot would be way more kick ass.
I think the swing is gone? We went there around 11PM so maybe we didn't see it. But I definitely didn't see any swing-like figure anywhere. But it was still a good view.
This place is awesome! There are three swings tied to the tree branches overlooking an amazing view of the city. It seems a little sketchy but it's definitely sturdy. My friends and I bought sandwiches from Ike's Place and drove here to enjoy our lunch. Then we took turns swinging and taking pictures of each other.TIP #1: Try to come on a clear day. Don't come on a foggy day!TIP #2: My friend said it's even more amazing at nighttime, so I'll be sure to do that next time!
Sweeping views! Can we start a campaign on kickstarter to replace the swing please? To the person that thrashed the swing off, you owe us all an apology and a new wooden swing seat.
Most important thing you might need: a windbreaker. I'm telling you now, this hill is super super windy even on a 70 degrees sunny afternoon according to the San Francisco weather reports. Besides this down, there's many many ups! The swing is replaced again supposedly. According to my friends, there was no swing but today, when I went with my squad, there was a swing hanging down from the tree. If you are up on this hill, definitely swing on this swing. You literally feel like your flying off this cliff, kinda scary but super fun! Don't worry, you won't fall off the cliff. I can assure you this because as I was sitting on the swing, I guess I was careless and thought I was secure already. However, when my friend pushed me to swing, I fell of the swing but was still somehow able to stay on the cliff! So you definitely would not fall of this cliff considering that I am a pretty big person. An additionally plus to this hill is its magnificent view of the city. Oh so nice, so beautiful. From trees to houses to buildings to bridges to schools to churches to mountains, the view is drop dead gorgeous. Definitely recommend this destination for artsy pics!
Incredible view of the city but one star taken off because they took out the swing. Regardless of the lack of swing the view is spectacular. You can see the skyline and the bay bridge as well as south of downtown. I understand that the residents around the area might be kind of frusturated with all the tourists coming for the swing so it makes sense that it was taken down. I will probably be back!
I'm giving Billy Goat Hill 4 stars simply because the view of the city is beautiful, and the neighborhood is nice/friendly. however, the swing is NOT here :( I think I'm going to come back with some rope & a board & build my own next time
A rope swing overlooking the city.. what more can you want!? This is so much fun and a must for visitors and locals alike.
no swing. BUT view is still great.
Beautiful look out of the city. But I specifically came here for the swing since I've never Been here before and as of today 1/30/15 NO SWING =[
No swing today--very disappointing. Still a good view, though.
Finding out that this park is a mere 10 minute walk from my house, AWESOMEEE!For the non-adventurous, there is a fenced off plateau where you can view the entire city skyline. For the adventurous, there's a swing off the tree....I literally just climbed up and used my momentum to swing, but I'll admit, it's probably easier with a partner pushing you. Irregardless, the view is amazing!
Billy Goat HIll is a great place to go to check out a view of my favorite city in the world, San Francisco. You can get an awesome panoramic view while swinging around and feeling like a kid again. The city is literally at your feet. It's pretty easy to get to and when I went around noon on a Tuesday, there was plenty of residential parking. Bring your camera when you come so you can get in those instagram/snapchat/fb pics!
excellent tourist spot if you're looking for a place that is not congested with tourists. It is located in a neighborhood so thankfully there are plenty of parking. I would not recommend coming here for the first time at night because it is pitch dark, plus there are sketchy cars filled with groups of men doing who knows what, and another man probably smoking weed behind a bush. But despite that, I came here at night for the first time without no flashlight and thankfully we were able to easily find the hill and the swings. I think there is only 1 swing now, and it is perched on the slant of the hill. It is hard to get on this swing, but once you do you will find that it is hard to actually swing on it, but the view? definitely worth it. It is quiet, scenic, romantic, poetic. Definitely a picture to be remembered.
Great view and nice little hike. However someone either broke or stole the sit because it's a thick branch to sit on instead. Easy to get to, park on top of the hill it's a short walk to the "swing".
I love Billy Goat Hill! We came here while my sister was visiting from Irvine and I have to say the view from here is AMAZING! They have this swing by the tree which makes for great photo ops if you can get over the fear of falling. I have to admit I was a little scared at first because I'm not the swiftest on my feet. I managed to swing from it with the encouragement of my family and I'm glad I did! It was so fun and such a great experience. Definitely recommend this place if you're in the area.
