Great park in the neighborhood. They have Grills inside the park
Beautiful community garden and great views from the top of the park. Bbq and exploring areas. However, the kids playground area is terribly old and entirely unkept. It needs to be updated pretty terribly. The beautiful view from the top of the hill of the sunset over the ocean earns it a few stars.
Definitely one of those hidden gems in the city. You can't even tell from walking towards the entrances of what to expect but it's honestly so beautiful and secluded from the houses its next too. There's a view, a hill to walk up, beautiful poppies, trees to climb, a place to BBQ, tables and little stone chairs to sit at. Suuuch a pretty park. It's like a secret hangout spot. Nice to just take a walk in
Very mild sleek park. Great to take a stroll and jan out in. There's plenty of lush greens around to feel like you are part of nature even when in the middle of a busy city like SF. This park is probably not the most decorated park, so don't expect anything crazy. It's fairly peaceful feeling. They even have a community garden, which is pretty cool. You can check out the different plants that locals have planted. It's definitely worth checking out this hidden gem :)
Brooks Park is an OMI neighborhood gem. Great views of the Pacific Ocean and  Lake Merced along with a (somewhat run down) community garden earns this place 3/5 stars
This place is a trip!  I walked through this park once when I used to live in the dorms at SFSU in 2009.  I walked through the barren, dry grassy land with trees to get up and enjoy the nice scenery.  I keep walking through and I find myself now walking down the hill on some nice curvy pathway full of pretty, colorful flowers and bushes.  I couldn't believe my eyes--I was a little tipsy walking through here with a couple of friends, mind you--and it allowed me to go on some philosophical tangent afterwards.  It's not a big park, nor is their much to do.  However, it is a park, and it's A-OK in my book!
Don't expect a very grand & amazing view when you go here. Take it as a casual day out and you want to take a walk in the park. The view you get from the top of this hill is of Stonestown, ParkMerced, and some of daly city. It's rather gray in this area. Mostly cloudy. If you travel up from the right side where the stairs are from street level, bring a flashlight at night be careful because there is NO fence or railing to protect your fall down to the ground. It's not paved. It's rocky. It's bumpy. Just nature. 3 picnic tables up top but I wouldn't recommend it. the view is completely obstructed by trees, dark and cloudy too. Would suggest picnicking at golden gate park instead. The bottom there's a very small [non-remodled] children's structure. 2 baby swings, 1 adult swing. 1 slide. 1 fireman's pole.all  Sand. That's it.Community garden is free and unlocked, even at night! Garden leads to the school next door. Not bad for a secret spot.
nice views, quiet park
San Francisco Park's and Recreation Department's Gem.Free!!  Beautiful Panoramic views of Pacific Ocean, Lake Merced, The Olympic Golf Club, Parkmerced.BBQ pits. Play Structure for the kids. Community Garden.This park was re-furbish due to the hard work of a dedicated neighbor.Brooks Park in the Merced Heights section of OMI. Once a popular spot for pit bull fights and drug deals, Brooks Park has been transformed into a safe place for seniors and families.The only drawback?  The weather. You never can tell out here in the OMI. Check it out. Reppin the 415 & OMI.  SF Native! You betta recognize!Brooks Park HistoryEstablished: 1978Location: Shields Street at RamsellBus: #29; M and K Street CarContact: Peter Vaernet, (415) 586-1451For more OMI info Western Neighborhoods Project's website (outsidelands.org)
Brooks Park (94112.net)Brooks ParkLocation: Shields Street at RamsellContact: Peter Vaernet, 415-586-1451As Earth Day approaches on April 22, 2008, I decided to take my dog Moe along to explore my community for what it has to offer for Earth Day. What I found bedazzled the "green awareness" in me. I found a gorgeous little community park named, Brooks Park, named after the Brooks family, who purchased the park in 1978.This park has seen its good and bad times in our community, but stands today as one of our secret garden hideouts. Since the park stands at the very top of the hill, you can take in the spectacular view, take a free gardening class, practice Tai-Chi, learn about natural pest control, let your kids run loose on the playground, learn about compositing, or rent a plot to grow your own food. I actually found a young strawberry. Imagine the taste! You can do whatever your gardening heart desires.As for me, I do not have a green thumb, but I admire people who do. Brooks Park always has year round events. I have listed a few events that occurred in March to give you an idea of what goes on. April info is soon to come. See my video on 94112.net of the park.
After being first to review Bayview Park, I thought Brooks Park (whose name I didn't even know until I finally biked up there and read the sign) would be a shoo-in.  But lo and behold, here are 3 locals who beat me to the punch.  Well, I won't complain, it's great to see that even the unknown neighborhoods have community spirit--not to mention spunk for transforming this place from the ghetto-abandoned hillside it once was (and which I was still half-expecting today). There's an impressive and clearly well-attended community garden, a non-scary playground, picnic tables with a grill, and only a modicum of litter.  Overall it's not unlike a less-gentrified Golden Gate Heights Park, complete with spectacular (though oft-dismally grey) views.  Well played, OMI.
