*Ding Ding* "Next stop..."Riding a cable car in San Francisco is like riding a museum - Literally! If you haven't caught it yet, it should be high on your bucket list and it's so simple to do! It only costs a couple bucks per ride and unlimited to those with passes. I mean you can "jump-on" almost every main historic stop in 'Ole San Fran! How's that? Easy, son! *Ding Ding*Now don't get me wrong... It's not all cherries & Ghirardelli whipped cream *snap* It can get pretty annoying too. I mean it's usually hella crowded, hella iffy on being on-time, and the "operators" aren't always the cheeriest blokes. Realize to "operate" one of these "moving museums" takes seniority and those in charge are... Yes, the oldest blokes around!Then again how many places can you jump on a "moving museum"? I mean some of these "cars" date to just after the San Francisco gold rush! Imagine late 1800's, horse-drawn buggies, unicycles, and yep... CABLE CARS! Today, there are 3-routes still in operation: THE POWELL & HYDE: Probably the most famous of all, starting at Powell & Market St. goes up Nob Hill, through Russian Hill, North Beach & Little Italy, and the last stop is Ghirardelli Square. It's the most exciting of all the routes with the most hills and winding turns. Of course, it's crawling with tourists and curious mid-western families, so expect a line, and hip bump, if catching from the starting turnaround. THE POWEL & MASON: This route is also super popular, but runs a more direct line. It starts at Powell & Market St. goes directly up Nob Hill, runs parallel to Chinatown, and ends at Bay St., just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. THE CALIFORNIA LINE: This route is the shortest, least crowded, and most direct line of all, however it only runs on California St., therefore the starting point is on California and Market St. in the Financial District. The last stop is at Van Ness Ave., or vice versa. This line is popular with San Franciscans and the suit & ties from the business's in the area. When I lived in the city, it was the run I was mostly on due to it dropping me off an easy 59-steps to my Victorian Loft. Those were the days, my friend *Ding Ding*And of course, let's talk...THE CABLE CAR MUSEUM: A wonderful museum usually ignored with all the gigantic museums in the area. I mean c'mon now... SFMOMA, Legion of Honor, Asian Arts, California Academy of Science, etc. Want to go to the Caaaaable Caaaar Museum? The answer will probably be... Huh? Yet, I encourage, both tourists and San Franciscan alike, to do so! It's not only about the story of... but the importance of these engineering marvels to the great city for well over 130-years! It's history, baby! The museum is uniquely located in the old Ferries and Cliff House Railway Co. Building, circa 1887. Factoid: The smoke stack in the rear of the large brick building was damaged in the 1906 San Francisco Great Earthquake, but fortunately rebuilt soon after. It houses the Sutter Street Railway - grip car 46 and trailer 54, circa 1870s and the historic Clay Street Hill Railroad - grip car 8, the only surviving car from the first cable car company. A small gift shop for your convenience. And if that's not enough for the curious... Hey, the admission is FREE! The museum was established in 1974, and is run by the Friends of the Cable Car Museum. The entrance is at Washington St. & Mason St. Open everyday, Hours are 10am-6pm between April 1 and September 30 and from 10am-5pm between October 1 and March 31. The museum is closed on New Year's Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas (and I believe Easter). Remember it's FREE! *Ding Ding* Pardon me... The Barbary Coast is my next stop. *twists my handlebar mustache* I need to jump-off now;)
I was walking towards Market Street to get on the Bart train to head to Berkeley. I saw this place on my map and thought why not since this city is known for it. Plus I needed a break from all those hills. I was breaking a sweat haha. Anyway this place is small but the best part....it's free! There are two floors. Upstairs is the gift shop and the "museum part" where you get to learn a little bit of history. Downstairs is the workings of the system. It's a neat little place to visit
At first blush, this may not seem like the most interesting spot to visit.  I stumbled across it one day when I took a visitor to the top of Nob Hill to see beautiful Huntington Park, Grace Cathedral, and the historically posh SF Hotels.  Next stop, down to North Beach and find a Bloody Mary, stat.  We stumbled upon this place and it is really worth checking out.I thought Cable Cars were sort of a quirky little novelty for my first year or so living in SF.  My attitude has since turned.  Part of that change was based on learning more about the history.  There's a reason why we have Cable Cars - it's the hills.  As The City developed, the Cable Cars were how the folks in the olden days expanded beyond the low-lying areas in the (now) FiDi, SoMa and North Beach.  (We're talking in the days when North Beach was actually a beach.)  This museum has a great range of history, including:*Andrew Hallidie, the engineer who made cables and was instrumental in the mining technology.  The story goes, he saw a horse drawn carriage slide backward down a steep muddy hill.  Our Cable Car version of Mr. Newton's apple.*History about the older lines and their impact on SF development.  There were a lot more lines, once upon a time.  You can see how they were laid out, and you can also see how the companies thrived or failed.*Friedel Klussmann "The Cable Car Lady" - Who saved the Cable Cars from their potential final demise.  She formed the Citizens' Committee to Save the Cable Cars and won a referendum in 1947.  BTW - A big mid-finger salute to then short-sighted Republican Mayor Roger Lapham who was trying to scrap the Cable Cars because he came under fire for increasing the fares.  He was a one-termer.*Some great info about the massive restoration that took place in the early-80's.  And, a super awesome 80's-style video about the Cable Cars.  Another big reason to check this out is that it is also the power-house that actually drives the cables.  You can see the major lines that drive the little systems that pulls the cars along.  Very cool.  They also have a nice gift shop.
Good place to burn 15-30 minutes and learn about cable cars in SF.  Free admission.  See moving parts spinning in action.  There is a bathroom and small gift shop.
What a great free museum! 2 of the cable cars will pass by this museum. If you have time to peek, it's definitely a great bit of history and for this city. The mechanics about how they run is fascinating. Lots oh cool behind the scenes views of what's going on under the cars.
San Fran is known for its cable cars. I really missed out on not getting one.The museum was small but very interesting. The lines are still running and the odor is very strong once you walk in. Museum itself is free but riding the cable cars does have a fee. It was kinda a shoot-in, shoot-out deal for me. I went through all the "exhibits" if you call it that and went around the lower floor and around the gift shop. Great for photos and learning the history of the cable car in the Bay Area.
1 - The place is free!2 - It's within walking distance from downtown and chinatown3 - Cool history about the cable car and even the development of San Francisco4 - They have restrooms open for public use
This museum is free so I wasn't really expecting much. But I'm so glad we stopped by - it was so cool to see the inner workings of the infamous cable cars and learn about their history. I read this was a good place to get on the cable car, but I actually wish we hadn't. If you're really interested in getting a full ride, go to either end of the line. Getting on at the museum means you only get to ride half the distance (and it's not cheap at $7 per person!). Definitely recommend stopping by this museum to learn the difference between a cable car and a street car!
Hop aboard and learn about the iconic cable cards that glide along the streets throughout the city. The museum is FREE and shares great information on the history of the cable cars. It is incredible how much work is still done by hand to keep the cable cars moving, and it was fun to watch the cables and wheels turn as well as taking a trip to the basement of the museum to check out the cables underground. Tour the museum and then go ride a cable car to complete your cable car experience.
The Cable Car Museum is a hidden gem!!I didn't know about this place, but when researching places to visit in the city it popped up as the top ten places to visit!! Located along the Cable Car line, it is easy to access. I would recommend hopping on the Cable Car at Ghirardelli Square (where they start) and taking it up to the museum (the guys operating the cable cars will tell you when to get off). A Cable Car ride is $6 for one way, or you can buy a day pass for something like $17. I'd also recommend getting to the cars early....I got there around 9am and there was no wait (once it gets close to 11am, there will be a very long wait!). Onto the museum. The Cable Car Museum is FREE, which is amazing!! This place is small, so allow yourself about 45 minutes to explore the entire place (60 minutes maybe if you want to check out the gift shop!). There are so many pictures and descriptions of the cable cars -- it is truly awesome how cable cars have evolved over the years. There is also the only remaining cable car from 1872 at this museum too! I loved seeing the old pictures from the late 1800's and how people traveled from place to place in the city at the time. You can also see all the cables that operate the current cable cars in the city and the men and women that operate them. I was so fascinated by this aspect -- I had no idea that the operation to operate the cable cars was so huge! Pure awesomeness!Side note: there is a free and clean restroom to use in this museum, which is rare and hard to find in the city. Just FYI. I'd recommend coming here, no matter if you're a tourist or a local!Cheers!
On my walk from Grace Cathedral in Nob Hill to Chinatown, I randomly passed the Cable Car Museum and stopped in. Didn't know it existed before. It's a very cool and small FREE museum for an individual or families. You could spend between 5-30 minutes here: reading history, checking out artifacts, taking pictures, seeing the machinery downstairs, exploring old cable cars, and just generally learning how they run.
I found the museum boring, has few old cars 3 or 4 and some old posts about the cable car, all you need in that museum is like 20 minutes, but the good part that it is free. If you are not passing the museum to your destination, don't bother driving to it.
This museum is worth a stop to see. FREE- self guided tour with plenty of info to read.  Especially fun for locals, yet I will go out on a limb here, but I'll bet few have ever ventured in.  This is a great part of our local history, very interesting and a welcome break from the otherwise touristy attractions we seek out for all our out of town guests. Nice gift shop too if you like that sort of thing.Street parking can be difficult but not a long walk from Grace Cathedral, the Fairmont or the Cable Car line.
Small, but free!  Definitely take the time to read everything and watch the whole documentary that is showing. It's fascinating how there are literally miles and miles of cable running through the city to operate the 4 cable car lines.Bring a couple quarters to watch some of the old nickelodeon machines too!I spent a bit of time just staring that the machinery that's both upstairs and downstairs. The lower parts seemed straight out of some futuristic underground steampunk movie.
The price is right for this museum as it is FREE! Being on the corner of Washington and Mason you get to see two cable car routes combine; one comes straight down Washington and the other swings into Washington from Mason. When you enter the museum and go downstairs you can see the cable wheels turning as well as upstairs where you can see the cables from above. There is enough reading matter and demonstration pieces to appreciate how these cars are operating....and you don't have to be an engineer to be suitably impressed.We made ourselves an excursion to get there. We walked to the turnaround at Hyde then stayed on the cable car passing the museum on the way to town. We could have caught the cable car back ( the queue was horrendous ) but instead we walked to 3rd and caught No 45 bus to get us up the hill with a short walk to the museum.The coffee shop across the road is pretty good too as you can't take or buy food or drink at the museum.
The cable car museum is fun and educational for kids and adults!  Read about the history of the cable cars... see how they work, snap some photos, watch a video and then visit their cute little gift shop! This museum is worth visiting.. come on it's free.. what more can you ask for?  Pretty neat to see all the wheels turning.  We didn't spend more than an hour here, but it was nice!  Come check it out, make a donation, and learn a little about a large part of San Francisco: cable cars!
Since it is a free museum there isn't anything to complain about. It's really impressive to see the big motors run and powering the cable cars. There is also a nice gift shop for some great souvenirs
The Admission: FREE!!!If you want to see cable cars... come to this block, there will be cable cars pass by every few minutes!This museum is very informative. Many display, video, photos and historic cable car inside the museum. The museum is not too big but definitely worth it to check it out.
As the daughter of an engineer, I had to make a stop here to see how the famous cable cars work. It's easy to get to, FREE, and educational. I loved it! You can make this as quick or as long of a stop as you want. Pop in just to see the cables in action or take more time to read each sign and get a better understanding about the history and mechanics of the system.PS. It can get pretty warm inside so be prepared!
A nice little museum to check out during your cable car experience. All sorts of artifacts from the past and present. Was pretty cool to get up close to some of the machinery they use to control the cars on the street, as well as get a first hand look at the cables and motors that actually propel the cars through San Francisco. When you first enter the building, go to the right to check out the museum and store, however on your way out, make sure you go to the left, downstairs, to check out some of the inner workings of how the cables above are fed into the streets. Oh, and do take a moment to watch the video they have playing but in the back, not only does it give a good narrative tour of everything else you've seen in the museum, it's also quite funny to watch and see all the retro cars, outfits, and hair styles from the mid 1980s when it was produced.  Well worth a stop, will probably take you 30-45 minutes to work your way through.  Just make sure you buy the all day Muni pass, if you pay per ride, you'll have to spend another $7 to get back on another cable car.
If you're a history buff, a gearhead, an engineer or just love a good deal this place is for you.  Very educational and it's free.  Be sure to read most of the signs and/or descriptions...the more I read the more engaged I became.  And they have a public restroom...did I mention that it's free?
We stumbled upon this museum and I was surprised by how exciting (maybe a bit of an exaggeration) it actually was. If you're as touristy as we were when we were visiting SF and looking to learn a little bit about how the cable cars work and the history behind them you should definitely spend 15-20 min here. They have a bunch of info cards and posters about the cable car and its history but I thought that the real gem was actually being able to see the cables that move underground throughout the city. That was what transformed the experience beyond just simply reading a Wikipedia article about the cable car system.
My three year old daughter and I took a trip over to see this. She was excited to see all of the different parts. Her attention was short on each item, but she thought each piece was interesting.The main floor shows the current machinery. When asking my daughter what she thought, she said, "It's like a factory." This in reference to the machines and machine shop area.Additional items for up close inspection helped make this a good trip for her and me. We will be going again in the future as this will grow with her over time. We spent 45-60 minutes and scratched the surface for her educational value.The only drawback is that being open to the machinery, it it noisy and hard to talk to each other. This con is offset by the price of admission. FREE!
Very cool place.  A Mechanical Engineers dream place....... Very informative and you can actually see the cable lines really running the cable cars and which street each line is servicing.  There is a gift shop inside the museum.  Great for kids and adults alike.... And it's free with the option to leave donations.
Very cool place and free! Interesting to see how the cable cars work. Usually I go quickly through museums but I took my time here and enjoyed watching the machinery and reading the history.
Great place to visit. You get to learn about the San Francisco cable car history and how they work. All cable cars line lead to the museum.
Omg had no idea this was here! Happy accident stumbling by. Holy shit this is where all the cables get pulled?! Mindblown. Gift store and able to see the cable wheels spinning. Pretty cool.
Fascinating! Everybody needs to see this museum that is packed full of rich history and brings you into the world of Cable Cars. This is a wonderful place to come discover more of the beauty of San Francisco!
If you're someone who likes to learn how things work mechanically then you really need to check out the Cable Car Museum. You can learn how the cable cars work including how to drive them, how the brakes work, how the cables are pulled - and even see the pulleys at work! Best of all it's free. It's old school. Even before steam. Lots of local history as well.It's a small museum so don't expect to spend more than 30-60 minutes here. Perfect.
Fun and Free and Full of Cable Car trivia, history and mechanics. We are so glad we stopped by for a look!
My first time here, and I can't add much else to what most everyone says:  It's free and it's wonderful.  If you are fascinated by the cable car system, then this place is a must-visit.
Best part of the museum was that it was free. Not sure if it's just that my personal likings didn't agree with this place but I was just very disinterested. By the reviews I was for sure we would enjoy this place. However, both me and my mate agreed that this place was pretty boring. There was one wall that caught my attention for all of 5 minutes but even trying to read (which I normally love to do) was a drag here. Sorry I definitely wouldn't recommend this place nor would I visit again.
A little museum where you can actually see the working cables pulling the cable cars!Admission is free, but drop a few dollars to support this museum if you can. It's a great testament to the city's history, and a fun little spot to check out if you're visiting.
Great experience. Highly recommend. It took me and my husband about an hour- 1 1/2 hours to walk the whole thing. It's really interesting to learn about the history of the city. You can also see the mechanics of the cables and this is fascinating for anyone!And it's FREE!
This place is the bee's knees.  Here, you get to see the ACTUAL wheels that turn the entire cable car system in San Francisco.  Like literally, you walk in and there are the giant wheels powering the cable cars... live... so cool!  Add in a dash of history, and a pinch of science, and you have the best free touristy location in this city.  I can't recommend this more for both real kids and grown up kids alike.  Keep in mind, there's not a ton to see here, so it's really just the cable running wheels, and a handful of pictures painting the story of the cable car system, with a retired cable car, and a quaint gift shop...but totally worth seeing... and it's free.
This place is so great!!! It's a small museum filled with plenty of facts and visuals. They show you how the cable cars run and the equipment/machinery that moves all the cars. It's something fun to do in the city when you have some time. Its great for kids, I took my 4 year old and she loved it. She enjoyed seeing the big machinery and the original cable cars. They have a bell that's like the ones they use on the cable cars and she had a blast ringing it and pretending she was in charge. Had a great time overall and was really educational.
This is a great stop on any tour of San Francisco, you can see all the machinery used to pull the cable cars up & down the hills, sit in a car (not crowded, but not moving), and learn plenty of history about the cars and the city. A pretty inexpensive stop and worth it, especially if you're a fan of history or the cable cars.
The Cable Car Museum is a small museum where you can learn about San Francisco's cable car history and see a live "behind the scenes" look at the cable car pulley system.  The old-timey, vintage museum is located inside one of the "powerhouses," where a power source is used to drive the cables.  It's cool and interesting to look at.  The best part about the museum is admission is free.The museum is located at the corner of Washington and Mason Streets in Nob Hill, very close to Chinatown.  A cable car stop is located right outside.  The museum is two stories and contains old cable cars, cable car parts, old photographs, video exhibits, and a gift shop.  Most of your time will probably be spent on the upper floor where most of the aforementioned items are located.The upper floor looks down upon the Washington-Mason cable car barn.  You can see the giant pulleys that run the cables down the Hyde, California, Mason, and Powell lines in action.  Each is labeled.  You can also see the offices and work stations of cable car employees.  It's a peek into their operations.  The lower floor is underground and gives you a look at the pulleys and sheaves (a sheave is a type of pulley) that constantly run the cables underneath the street.  It gives you a new perspective of the cable cars you see running above ground.Restrooms are located on the upper level.A trip to the Cable Car Museum doesn't take very long.  Maybe 15-30 minutes, more if you plan to read all the interpretive panels and watch all the videos.  I wouldn't say this is a must-see attraction if you're visiting from out of town, but it's fascinating if you enjoy history or like to see how stuff works.
I have been coming to the Cable Car Museum for many years, before Yelp even existed.  If you want to learn about how the Cable Cars work and a little San Francisco history, this is the place!  It is a noisy place though.  If you have small children who are sensitive to loud noises, they will not like this place.From upstairs you can look down and see the huge wheels which propel the steel cables underneath the streets of San Francisco and pull the Cable Cars along.  There is also a gift shop.  I avoid the touristy junk and look for the historical items.  You can buy slices of an actual steel Cable Car cable, old tokens and other memorabilia. There are also several ancient cable cars you can look at, but not sit in.  At the far end there is a video about the Cable Cars on an endless loop.  It's not too long, and worth watching.Don't forget to head downstairs before you leave so you can see the machinery operating below ground level.Best of all, this museum is free!
Free, fun, educational. There is also a gift shop.We stopped by here as part of a self-guided walking/stairing tour of SF. We must have walked over 5mi and up/down countless SF streets with stairs/steps.(Review drafted 04/22/13)
What a great FREE museum!I was under the impression this was just going to be an informational museum, but it's actually the building that powers the SF Cable Cars!! As you walk inside you definitely notice some loud machine noises, and when you walk up the stairs you find out why. There are twelve huge wheels rotating and pulling the cables that are connected to the cable cars that are running on the street. The informational displays are very informative and are definitely worth reading; they help you understand how the cable car system runs.As you move farther along there is more information about the history of the cable cars; I liked the part covering the time period when some people wanted to get rid of the cable cars and problems ensued. Thank goodness the cars are still around! There is a gift shop near the back which isn't much to see, and the restrooms are located near there as well. Definitely come check this museum out if you have time! It's very interesting and you don't have to pay (although donations are appreciated) =D
Came across this place while on a jog. Not only was I excited because of my affection for museums, but it's FREE admission! Double WIN. It's not huge and there isn't a ton to look at, but for what it's worth, it's a cute little museum and definitely a place to spend a good 30-45 minutes at. For those of you with children (or is a child at heart) they have a trolley bell for you to ring too. :)
The Cable Car Museum is an interesting stop for your itinerary around San Francisco. (Riding on a cable car itself, however, is not...) The museum is a free (rare!) attraction that doubles as the central hub for the remaining cable cars in SF ... The layout of museum is quite serviceable but you will find it a bit loud due to the machinery that is working to keep the cars moving along the Streets of San Francisco (see what I did there?)If you decide to ride on a cable car itself be warned ... it is a bit more expensive than you would think. It is a historical relic and a piece of Americana but you will be crowded in and it is packed asses to elbows. Enjoy the museum but skip the ride...
We are from the Bay Area and this is the first time that we visit the Cable Car Museum.The museum is very small.  Basically, it has one main floor and a small basement.  It is actually an operational cable car gear and engine area!!!  You can see the gears spinning and pulling the cables.  You can see old cable cars from eons ago.  You also get to view the history thru the years and how the cable car system works.  It's very educational for both adults and kids of all ages.Parking, in general in San Francisco, is terrible as usual.
An amusing little place. Interesting facts and free! (Which is always nice in SF)Filing in space. Filing in space.  Filing in space. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
What a cute little museum! Of course I had to come here on my touristy trip to SF. It has several historic cable cars (along with signs not to board them :P), photographs, mechanical displays, and memorabilia. It also is the home to all the machinery that is actually keeping the cable cars running at this very moment. You can see the cables that are moving the cable cars in real time... it's pretty cool! While the museum is pretty small, you can still learn a lot about cable cars there. They also have a gift shop and a cable car seat that you can pose in. Best part is... it's free! Worth a visit for sure :)
If this place ever gets shut down, I'm going to be pissed.The bf and I are visiting SF together for the first time.  This means doing all the tourist-y things, posing in front of tourist-y places, and eating all tourist-y stuff.Cable cars are definitely iconic of SF.  Which means I had to drag his ass up and down and up and down and down and up and down the SF hills to get here when we walked.We got here around 5 minutes before 10am.  Because the museum opens 10am-6pm everyday (at free admission!), I asked him if we could wait for it to open, which he begrudgingly accepted.  After he was further annoyed by the people smoking, the museum finally opened, and we went immediately upstairs.  Or, I went upstairs and he followed me....into seeing all the cable lines.Love at first sight, I tell you.  Bf was completely shocked and mesmerized by the fact that he was standing above the actual power house for the cable cars.  We actually both thought it was just a museum for the cable cars, but not that it was a true functioning building with a very important purpose.  Needless to say, very cool.  It can get a bit loud if you're not used to it, but it's just a loud hum.  You can see some of the employees in the back right-corner, doing their magic in either fixing or constructing parts for the cable cars.On the left-hand corner of the building, you can sit down and watch a video on how the cable cars function, and a bit of the history.  All along the walls, you'll find news articles of when the cable cars were about to be eradicated.  You'll find a few cases with bus tokens, coin changers, and other small memorabilia.  One of the items that breaks my heart is a little memorial for 3 dogs that served the cable cars until their dying day.  They had a tragic end, as burglars poisoned them, and they basically died in the line of duty.  =(  Why isn't there any sort of souvenirs for these puppies, or something that would allow tourists to put in money to help support a local pet charity (SF SPCA?).  The story of the 3 dogs made me sad...The gift shop isn't bad.  Lots of small little nifty items.  There are even bells that you can purchase to ring them (I think a few people actually try and use it as their doorbell).  Service is okay, but I can understand if they're grumpy because they hear a loud hum all day that they can't block out, and there's no real air conditioning. They have a penny machine, if you're looking for a cheap souvenir for the kiddies!
If you're in San Francisco and you have the time, put the Cable Car Museum in your itinerary. It's a small museum situated near Chinatown. It's free and you'll have the chance to learn a lot about the history of the city and of the cable cars. What's also cool about this place -it's more than a museum, the tracks you'll see near the entrance still keep the cable cars running in the city. So, you really get to see how the cable cars work. Although we didn't have great experiences running in the cable cars, we still have a soft spot for them, since they're so unique of the city by the bay.  They have a nice gift shop. Great little museum to check out, learn and take a break from walking up and down those cool steep streets!
Another hidden find of something that is FREE in SF! It's a forgotten item on every tourist's itinerary. Mostly because it's mostly unknown. The coolest part is see the actual cables and machinery operate LIVE! Super cool!!!!
So cool! You never really think about the "Cable,' part in Cable car, but the museum makes it really clear. A must stop in SF.
Really neat to see the cable car station in action! A must stop if you are in town as a tourist. They have a good souvenir shop and great views from the trolley hub location.
Its a quite small museum, but for those like me who love technical and historical stuff,  its a great place to be. you cant miss it.you will find that its not only a museum,  its the real deal. the motors and workshop for the cable cars are in there and fully operational.i loved it.
Another case where Yelpers have judged an attraction unequivocally well... San Francisco's Cable Car Museum lives up to the accolades you'll find if you read even a handful of the reviews. The smells of metal and grease inside of the brick powerhouse is wholesomely industrial and unashamedly real. For those who've got "ride a cable car" high on their to-do list, this is the place to get the historical interpretation to make the experience complete.The museum is a great pit stop between more time-consuming attractions. Visiting probably only requires between 30 minutes and an hour to do quite well. From the open front doors, guests can head up- or downstairs: I'd recommend starting in the basement where the cables themselves are on live display and the hum of the machinery is most apparent.The upstairs section of the museum include displays of tools, explanations of the engineering and some of the key engineers of the system, some of the political and social history behind the lines and more. The view of the shop floor from above (one of the main pictures you'll surely come across if you're researching this place) is even more mesmerizing in person.Some of the things that you might learn include:1) How often cable car brakes wear out;2) How the cars' technology has evolved over the years (hint: not much...);3) What happens when there's damage to a cable;4) What the operators are doing when driving the cars.
Wow! I have never seen anything so amazing. The clear walls showing the cables underneath the street are fascinating. - Allie, age 8It's a pretty cool little place. Doesn't take too long, so it's great for kids. And it's free! It's also a good spot to hitch a ride on the cable cars (as opposed to waiting in line at the termini...)- Chris, a little older than 8
Best museum to take out of towners to see... its free, its small & it makes sense of the cable cars you so often hear cranking around town!! A gem of a spot!!
My husband and I had so much fun visiting the museum!! It is self-paced, so you don't feel hurried through it. Free admission with an optional donation, which we gladly gave. It is fun and educational, not only about the cable car history, but about San Francisco as well. Pencil this in to your plans when you visit the area!!
How is it that I've never known about this place?!?!?! It's amazing and free!  I'm not someone who's really into cars or trains, but it's just mesmerizing to watch the cables spin through the wheels.  I could probably just stand there, watching them for hours! Before going to the museum, I had no idea about the mechanics behind cable cars.  Now I know.This is now added to my list of tourist attractions to bring out of town visitors too. They have a pretty large, extensive gift shop in the museum. Oh, and should I mention, there's a clean restroom, as well! Parking's probably not going to be too easy to come by, so just park a ways away, and walk.
Free.  Short visit.  Interesting.  This is a quick way to understand the heart of the San Francisco cable car story.  May be a little noisy, because this is a Working museum, the cables are all powered from here.  Close to Chinatown
I can't believe I have only heard of this place but have never stepped in here until today. I am glad I made the move to come here. The Cable Car Museum is free for residents and visitors. This place focuses on the history of Cable Cars in San Francisco. If you are majoring in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, then Cable Car Museum is your destination. Coming here will definitely help you gain a broader understanding on how motors work.Overall, positive first time experience here so I'll definitely come back when I am in the area!Have out of town family and friends visiting? This is also another great spot to visit especially if you are someone who enjoy learning about the history of Cable Cars.Disclosure:There is a gift shop here as well and some the merchandise on the shelves are pricey. Be prepared to have extra cash with you if you do plan buying something from the gift shop.P.S.: They accept credit card payments - Visa and MasterCard ONLY!!Their hours of operation for 4/1-9/30 are: 10 am - 6 pm and 10/1-3/31: 10 am - 5 pm*They are closed on Nwe Year's Day, Easter, Thanksgiving and Christmas*
This is more than a museum, it's the actual plant that powers the cable cars! And it's free!Just wanted to get that out first, in case you're skimming.I highly recommend this place. It's amazing to see the machines that are pulling the cable cars all around town. There's also cool old photos and historical information like you might find in normal museums. Did I mention it's free? If you're in the neighborhood, it's worth popping in for at least 10 minutes.
Great FREE museum.  Very interesting, good displays, fascinating to watch the actual cables drive the cars. The movie is a little outdated and groovy but it made it fun to watch.I highly recommend a visit to this museum.
The best thing going for this place is the free admission. I was a little disappointed by the contents in this museum. Its not a very big building and there is some history to it, but it wasn't what I was expecting.When you walk in you can go downstair to view the underground cogs operating the cables that pull the cable cars. There are some signs and placards that you could read to get information about the origins of the first street cars in San Francisco. Upstairs it gets a little more touristy with the coin-operated machines that depict the 1906 earthquake, the gift shop and the replica cable cars that you can get your picture taken. There is also a large viewing area where you can see the actual cables coming and leaving the building and their corresponding lines. It's a good place to burn an hour, but keep your expectations low.
This is a must visit place if you have any interest at all in this unique piece of California history. Cable cars are simply amazing and a great way to get around the hilly parts of San Francisco. I only wish it was not six dollars each way as that is quite pricey. I was shocked that admission was free and surely I donated to keep this great museum alive. Museums should all be free to the public but that's another story. This is also great for kids and even my seven-year-old was interested.
My dad took my brother and me here today. I thought it is pretty cool to see how cable cars work. It is simple basic and nice in there. The best of all it opens daily and it's free to get in. I'm not a tourist I come to San Francisco often. I'm glad my dad had the chance to take his two kids here.
How is it that I've lived here for 7 years and never checked out this gem?! Finally made it to the museum today, touring my dad around town, figuring he'd like it. I was amazed at the rich historical information that was presented, and the fact that this is actually the hub for the cables! A must see, especially if you've lived here for ages and never checked it out!
This is a must visit place in SF. Amazing that how they still run this technology in todays world. SF have preserved this charm of the city. I am really not sure - how many people knows how cable car runs? its interesting. You gotta check this out. Its a free admission and really kool.When you are riding on cable car and if you smell something burning...dont worry those are wooden brakes that they still use..its a smell of their wear and tear..which is replaced every 3 days...there are more fun facts. you will like it!
Really interesting museum with heaps of history about the cable cars. It's great being able to look over the edge and see the big wheels and cables moving. It's quite loud but it adds to the interest of the museum! The museum gives a great insight into the history of San Francisco and why the cable cars have become so important to the city.
This museum is very interesting, it's explains you since the beginning the history of the cable car in San Francisco until today. You got to see the first cable car back in 1873, many historical pictures and as well the engines and winding wheels who pulls the cables. Amazing and all this for free ! You should check it out !
It's pretty easy to get here. Just take the Bart to Telegraph and the cable care station is right there. There will probably be a line. I suggest going on a weekday. The cable car goes up to hill right to the museum. The conductor will tell you when to get off. It's very interesting and historical. It's a small museum, but there is a lot to learn here. It's neat looking down into the turning rotors that movie the cars about the city. The gift shop was huge and the staff was very nice. We went on a Saturday and it was incredible crowded, so as I said, go on a weekday. This is on my list of "Best Museums in the Bay Area"
SF is a wonderful place for walking. Along the way, you might bump into some odd spectacles - for example, the strange man with cow ears yelling, "I'M THE BOSS!" at nobody in particular. But if you're really lucky, you might stumble into a free museum.After taking the cable cars up and down SF's steep hills, it's interesting to learn about their history, creators, and moving parts. This museum is not the most spectacular - I wouldn't even call it a destination, unless you're really into engineering - but it's definitely cool to see how the cable cars work. You can actually watch the wheels turn as they pull the cars around the city in a seamless loop. The museum is the resting spot for all cable cars, where they come to roost from 1am-6am, where maintenance is done on the cable lines and the cars themselves. There's something about not taking things for granted that makes this museum worth visiting. Thank you, cable cars, for staying attached to the cables and not flying down Lombard street like runaway trains.
This is really the main garage and maintenance facility for SF's cable car fleet.  In addition, this is the hub for the actual cables that run in the streets of San Francisco.  It was very informative and interesting.  This museum provided great insight to the workings of the iconic cable cars that you see in San Francisco.  Very pleasantly surprised but I would not really call it a museum. It's more than that.
A great informative museum.  I had no idea on the details how the cable cars worked, never really thought about it.  It's free, just go.
Talk about hands on, as close as you can get to feeling like a conductor without actually getting a degree in engineering - this museum showcases everything interesting about the San Francisco Cable Car, as well as displaying actual working parts of the system. You can go downstairs and see what's happenin' under the street of San Francisco. It's pretty amazing.Complete with video, photos, and signage from back in the day, I'd say it was as close to a school field trip as I was going to get.And it's free...that's right F-R-E-E!
Free! This is one of the most interesting free museums I have been too. You can learn all about how the cable car system works. The view of the cable pulley's is extremely interesting. One look will change your whole thought process on how the cable cars work. Did I mention it is free?!!!
The Cable Car MuseumThe Cable Car Museum is located San Francisco, on Mason and Washington Streets.  Here at the museum you will see the history of Cable Cars and the various companies that were involved with bringing and developing the Cable Car Systems to San Francisco.  It's a very interesting museum.  This was how a part of the mass transportation started in the early years before buses.Basically what they have developed is an underground cable system that pulls each cable car through the streets of San Francisco.  How this is done is exhibited at the museum with plenty of details....(something to be appreciative of....we've come a long way since the Cable Car).Today's Cable Car can carry an average of 60 passengers.  Each cars can weight 15,500 lbs. And are 27' 6" long (Powel and Hyde Cable Cars and Powel and Mason Cable Cars).  The California line Cable cars are 16,800 lbs. And 30' 3" long.  The weight of the car does not include passengers and operators.  So the cable system that you see at the Cable Car Museum is a fully operational one.  You will see the cables leading into the streets of San Francisco.  yelp.com/biz_photos/7HUG…yelp.com/biz_photos/7HUG…This system is required to pull a certain amount (not sure of the exact numbers) cable cars and passengers daily through out San Francisco.  Up the hill, down the hill and it's straight away.  You'll see the major components of a cable car.  One of the most important part of the cable car is "The Grip".yelp.com/biz_photos/7HUG…The grip is required to grab the cable below the streets and pull the cable cars through the railroad tracks.  The "Cable" travels at a constant 9.5mph and the gripman (operator) uses the grip to pull the car at a desire speed between 0 and 9.5 mph.  They also use the cable as a control method of breaking when going downhill so the car is not out of control and makes it easy to stop at slower speeds.  Parts on the grip usually last for 3 to 4 days and then requires maintenance...so some times you'll see mechanics changing out the grip for a new one.  Each cable car has 2 truck that it sit on.  yelp.com/biz_photos/7HUG…A "truck" consist of 4 wheels that runs on the Cable Car Tracks and is required to hold the payload of the body of the cable car and it's passengers and operators.  Also on the truck is a brake system that is controlled from the body of the cars....front and back.  So...you have "The Grip", "Brakes", "Trucks" and of course the emergency brakes.  The emergency brake is a lever on the Cable Car that when engaged will cause the car to come to a sudden stop.I've posted some pictures of their payment methods, tokens, transfers, coin changer, and some of the operators badges.These are some of the basic of how today's cable car works.  To see the whole system and how it was developed is what is very interesting to see at the Cable Car Museum.  It's free, they are open from 10am to 5pm daily (double check before going).  It's clean.It's fun and enjoyable.Good for kids and family.No pushy people trying to sell you anything.Go as you please and leave with additional knowledge if you don't already know about the Cable Car System.No food is served.Bathrooms are in the back.A 5 star worthy trip.
If you complain one second about this place you have no soul so just go away.Cable Car Museum is FREE.  But they take donations so if you are so inclined drop a few dollars in the box.It is self guided.  Basically a large room with scattered history, story boards and trolley car paraphernalia.  The best part is that in the middle of the warehouse are the actual spinning wheels that run the cable cars.  Engineering buffs will love reading about how this is constructed and maintained.  People this is the only cable car system still in use in the entire world!!
Awesome place to visit during our stay in San Fran! Love that it was free since the expenses were adding up a lot. Lots of cool information on the cable cars and how they operate. It was so interesting! A must-visit. The staff was friendly as well.
This is such a gem, a free and educational experience that every visitor to San Francisco should avail themselves of. I dragged my companion here with promises of enlightenment as to the finer points of the workings of the cable car system, and she was not disappointed with the experience. This is a great place to bring the kids, to gawk at the huge sheaves and cables endlessly turning in the area below the main level of the museum. Buy the kiddies -- or yourself -- a souvenir from the museum shop, and get your geek on looking at the inner mechanics of the levers that grip and release the cable that pulls the cars up San Francisco's steep slopes. Marvel at how difficult it must have been to traverse these hills when they were unpaved and muddy, and how this elegantly simple system transformed the city.
For those with even the slightest curiosity of how mechanical things work, this museum will be sheer pleasure.  You'll see the machines that actually pull the cable that runs day and night.Most of us don't know that the cable is running all the time.  What is happening is that the "cars" are grabbing on to that moving cable and being pulled.  When they want to stop they simply release from the moving cable.Great historical pieces in here.  Check it out!
Very informative and professional museum.  Learned a lot.  Didn't spend more than an hour there, but I enjoyed it. Pair it with a cable car ride and it is worth it.
