I had heard a lot of wonderful things about the California Academy of Sciences from family and friends, and earlier this month, my six year-old and I got to experience all this wonderfulness during an overnight "Penguins and Pajamas" event organized for the Girl Scouts of America. We lined up with the rest of her Daisy troop (and parents and a couple of siblings) a little before 6 pm on a Friday evening, and were able to get overnight sleeping spots in the Color of Life exhibit - the other choices were Aquarium (most popular because of the soft floors and gurgling water noises), Lower Swamp, Earthquake, and the African Hall (which is where the penguins are). Since there were just a couple of hundred folks traipsing about this massive building, we got to see all the exhibits with no wait. My daughter was fascinated by the rare white albino alligator (unfortunately blind from birth) and the butterflies in the Rainforest dome, my favorite was the Earthquake exhibit, especially the part where you get to experience the 15-second "1989 World Series Earthquake" as well as the much more violent 1906 Earthquake (fortunately they only shake the room for 30 seconds, the actual event lasted thrice as long). Besides seeing most of the exhibits, the kids also did several activities (like making "seed balls" for planting later), checked out the living roof, and saw a couple of lovely and VERY up-to-date shows at the planetarium; parents in our group who worked at Lawrence Livermore National Lab were impressed because some of what was shown was published just a couple of months ago!After a supper of cookies, milk and fruit, we all slept as best as we could in our sleeping bags, and after being fed a hearty breakfast at the café, they let us put our gear away and return for the rest of Saturday. It's remarkable how when you've spent the night in a place, it feels like home the next day. The academy certainly felt like home as we spent a few more hours checking out some of the less well-known exhibits and creatures we'd skipped the night before, in spite of being surrounded and slowed down by throngs of regular visitors. Thank you, California Academy of Sciences, for some wonderful memories - my daughter and I will cherish them for the rest of our lives!
As a native to San Francisco I had been to the Academy of Sciences pretty much since I was born. Resently I went back bc I haven't gone since the remodeling in 2008. All I can say is that it's not as great as it was back when I was a kid. I remember the place was so huge you couldn't get through it in one day. Now, you can get through it in about an hour(with no kids). To confirm my belief I asked my mom, who was the one that took me, if my memories were correct about the museum being bigger when I was a kid, and that's when she told me they made the place smaller. The safari walk is not as cool, so short, and with penguins.
If you are taking a tour by the Big Bus or enjoying a picnic in the golden gate park, you can go to the academy of science.The ticket is kind of expensive like $34. You can spend good 2 to 2 and 1/2 hour there. I liked the aquarium, was very nice and they have like stand inside where you can touch the octopus and you can ask questions to the academy person.They also have a rainforest where you have butterfly hovering around you and parrots.We went to the planetarium show, and I slept the entire movie, and when I woke up everyone around me was sleeping ( it was kind of boring, though)And before we leave we went to a kind of show in the lower level, where you can experience SF 1906 and 89 earthquakes And feel the shakes, it was really interesting.
I always love coming to this place. You buy your ticket at the window and there is no security to get through....which is very nice! The staff has always been very friendly and helpful. Down stairs on the base level is my favorite area where they have tons and tons of aquariums. Be sure to wear your tennis shoes! I tested a new camera while here--go to  goldiejames.com/testing-… if you would like to see my results on it with more photos from the center. Happy almost Mothers Day to all of you Moms out there! :)
In the city for the weekend and it is POURING outside!  No problem there, we will just go to the Academy of Sciences!In out of the rain my kids got to explore the aquarium (the highlight of which was the albino alligator with his creepy dead eyes), the light exhibits and the rainforest exhibit where you go up through the different layers of the forest. Walking into the tropical forest exhibit the humidity hits you like a wall (take off your sweatshirt prior to going in) and you immediately enter the tropics.  Macaws, giant fish, and tropical plants create the most gorgeous exhibit.  My 10 month old could not get enough of the butterflies!  Walking around the exhibit with giant, exotic species of butterflies was so surreal.If you have small kids, this might not be the best place.  I do not think my 5 years olds would have had as good of a time until this year.  But now that they are old enough we will work this into our regular rotation!
California Academy of Sciences is a staple of San Francisco. It's a place you need to visit at least one time in your life- a bucket list location. There's no doubt that since it's a very touristy place, it'll get crowded often, but it's worth the visit.CAS offers an array of different activities ranging from a rainforest, many exhibits,  and an amazing planetarium show! The show is very interesting and is presented by an awesome guy named Josh, who is always very professional yet mixes up his presentation with humor. It always makes for a fun night.The highlight of CAS has to be nightlife, which is an event that they host weekly on Thursday that showcases different topics and subjects: arts and crafts, music, food,  coffee. It's AMAZING. It's a 21+ event so sorry to anyone who's currently under 21, as they sell alcohol. Nightlife gets packed almost every week depending on what the theme is, buts it's always a good time and the perfect date night (see pictures).Overall, this place has friendly staff, fun exhibits and is in a great location near many yummy restaurants, bars and shops which makes it an easy destination to fit into a day/night plan.
We had a great time here!  Both science and the animal kingdom are represented very well here and the staff is super friendly and informative.   I really dug all of the aquarium exhibits and the variety of animals that I haven't seen in other aquariums around the nation.  We also did the planetarium exhibit which was lead by a gentleman who was funny and knew his stuff.  I haven't been to an exhibit like this in a long time,  but it was current and was actually pretty cool!  It took about 30 minutes start to finish. The exhibits are for all ages and cover everything from insects,  earthquakes,  reptiles,  rocks,  humans,  space,  birds,  and many other topics.  Truly something for everyone!   This is easily one of my favorite museums that I have visited around the world.
This is a family favorite spot! Our 4 year old daughter absolutely loves this place and they are always displaying new exhibits that peak her interest. Her favorite part is the rainforest because she loves finding all of the butterflies and insects and showing them to her little brother. We were fortunate enough to see them feeding the huge arapaima (from above) which was exciting and frightening at the same time. They would jump out of the water and make a huge noise when eating. Our daughter loved it!It is pricey, $35 for adults and $25 for kids but it's worth it. I would advise to go early so you have enough time to explore all of the exhibits.
I had so much fun here!!! This museum is definitely a must see if you're in the area. I was brought here to a great night time eve t that showcased live music, drinks, food and an array of exhibits. There was so much to see and do here. The vibe of attending a date night event at a museum was pretty monumental due to the unique vibe and potential to learn while enjoying great company. The best part was that the crowd was completely diverse and it made the experience even better. A few hours spent here was definitely worth the time and the money. Check out their special events and attend one for yourself.
The California academy of science is the next best thing to the Monterey bay aquarium, in my personal opinion. I enjoy coming here to see the different exhibits and learn new and fascinating information about our earth, Mother Nature, and the plethora of species that live in the different environments all throughout the world. My favorite exhibits are of course the aquarium, which I wish was bigger! I throughly enjoy how they show the contrast between tropical fish found in the Philippine waters vs the types of fish and sea animals found along the California coast. The fish found in the waters of the Philippines are so much brighter, more colorful, and swim a lot faster than those that are found in the California waters, and I have come to the hypothesis that it's due to the different climates. It's also fun to experience the earthquake simulator, which closely replicates the major California earthquakes of 1906 and 1989. Before you leave, don't forget to also check out the Amazon forest, and maybe a beautiful butterfly will land on you! I highly recommend packing your own food because they don't have very many options, and the ones they do have are quite pricey.
San Francisco, CA: Amazing and incredible!Ever since reading about it in SUNSET Magazine several years ago, I've wanted to see the Academy. Their many exhibits, including the aquarium,  planetarium, a walk-through tropical rain forest, and grass lawn rooftop, had me intrigued. Not only was I far from being disappointed when I finally had the chance to visit this past March, family members who accompanied  me were also impressed and entertained. The cost of admission covered most of all the display areas. There are activities to captivate every age group. A number of schools were touring during the afternoon that we visited but we never felt crowded or overwhelmed as this was a good sized facility with wonderfully organized experiences. Definitely a worthwhile stop for every age.Located in striking Golden Gate Park, convenient parking was underground and a fee is  also required. I had assessed this attraction at four stars but reconsidered as the Academy presents what they advertise, at a five star level.  I had forgotten how much a premium parking can be inside a large citiy's core and had unfairly docked a star for lack of inexpensive parking.POST SCRIPTSeems researchers from the Academy discovered over 100 unique, new sea creatures in the vicinity of the coral reef in the Phillipines in June, 2015.  See link below for an article.westphoria.sunset.com/20…
This is, without a doubt, the best natural history museum on the West coast and one of the best in the United States. On a summer trip to San Francisco from the east coast, I took the time to visit the museum and ended up spending the entire day exploring the exhibits. The planetarium shows are fantastic and they work closely with the American Museum of Natural History in New York City to put on shows. The tropical bio-dome was amazing and the collection of sea life is astounding. The scientists are there to answer your questions and sometimes let you go hands on with the animals! This museum really gives you an appreciation for the natural world. It's a must visit!
This was one of the best places to visit in SF and Golden Gate Park. Glad it was part of the City Pass because a single admission will run you 35$. This place has it all, a planetarium showing shows, aquarium, engaging exhibits, and rainforest exhibit. There is much more too and you can practically spend all day here.We came here on a Friday early morning before it got packed so mostly soccer moms were here with there kids. The staff were very friendly and engaged with visitors as well. Learned a few things from the staff.I enjoyed the aquarium and the hum earth show in the planetarium the most. I would avoid the cafeteria if you can, feel like it was overpriced for nothing.This is a great addition to the park and the front terrace area is beautiful. You can hit the deYoung, Japanese Tea Garden, or botanical garden next. I notice most of these places give great discounts in you are San Fran Loca only not even for a college students boooo!
This is the first time I have ever been to the academy of sciences located in San Fra cisco , CA. The  tickets run for about $34 dollars per adult admission . Here's a saving tip ! If you happen to have your school id with you , you will save $10 on your admission fee . So keep that in mind next time you go . There is so much to explore at the Academy of Sciences . The exhibit includes a variety of attractions from aquariums , rainforests , 1906 and 1989 San Francisco earth quake simulations, the albino alligator, planetarium shows , live plants on top of the building , penguins , and a whole lot of other interesting things that will catch your attention and educate you at the same time . You definitely will learn a lot of fascinating things and will more than likely spend more than a couple of hours there if you really want to experience all that the Academy of Sciences has to offer. I personally enjoyed and loved the aquarium the most because I felt like there was more variety in that attraction . You could see all types of animals from different coasts and learn a lot of cool things . They showcase salt water and fresh water tanks . My love and I have come to the conclusion that cold waters such as the California coast houses many different types of species , however most of them appear to be more dull in color in comparison to warm waters with tropical climate that house an abundance of exotic   Colored fishes hehe for example " nemo and dory" . The fishes from the Philippine coast which housed exotic fishes seem to move more quickly then fishes from the cold waters of the California coast tanks . They also have this photographer who takes green screen photos . The photographer asks you to pose in certain positions and hands you a ticket so you can view and purchase your photos at the entry point of the building . My love and I bought the photos because they were absolutely adorable , cheesy , and funny . This place is good if you wanna go by yourself , with friends , family , or your significant other . At the end of the day my favorite part of going to the Academy of Sciences was spending time with the love of my life If your in San Francisco or planning to visit , then I recommend you come here !
This place is so cool with so much to learn. I love how they talk about SF in each module.We came on a Thursday at around 2 PM and stayed till close. It was not crowded at all.We parked about 0.5 miles away, but the walk was super pleasant because it's located in the park.We left with a super cool bookmark :)
Definitely worth a full day's visit! Things worth checking out: - the butterfly garden: it's a fascinating spherical space with a rainforest-like environment, with large numbers of different butterfly species.  You walk around the inside of the sphere through several different floors, exploring bits of ecosystems in the process. - the aquarium: while Monterey is much larger, still very good representation of the world under the sea.  Had fun walking through the tunnel which goes through the bottom of a tank., as well as listening to the scuba diver who led a talk while feeding fish.- planetarium: saw a film about dark matter on the IMAX dome screen, pretty cool- animal exhibit: came in time for penguin feeding :D
The last time I had been here I was probably 10 or 12 years old and I remember being in awe of it. We decided to take our nephew and sister in law here during their visit to San Francisco over the holidays. We went on a Saturday and I must say I was surprised how crowded it was, but I am assuming it was so busy because it was a holiday weekend. We arrived around 11 and made a beeline to the Planetarium tickets distribution area. We selected our tickets and then headed to the aquarium. The aquarium is in the basement and is much larger than I expected it to be. They have all different types of fish and underwater animals to explore. Including an albino crocodile. From the aquarium we went to the colors of life exhibit and watched the pendulum for a while. Then we ventured outside to the reindeer exhibit. There was a presentation about reindeer that we watched and the presenter was funny, engaging and knowledgeable. I was super interested in the simulated earthquake exhibit, so we ventured over to it and waited in line. Prior to the simulation there is a short video presentation. The earthquake simulation was neat, kind of reminds us locals what to expect in terms of a future shaker. We then got in line for the planetarium presentation "Habitat Earth" (I think that was the name of it). It was excellent. Also lead by an Academy employee. Definitely was the highlight of my nephew's visit. It's crazy how it feels like your in motion when you are actually still in a chair! After a full morning we went to the cafeteria to eat. Yes the food was pricey, but there is lots to choose from and there are some healthy options as well. We all thought the food was tasty. Finally, we ended our visit at the rainforest. Whoa! Was it hot in there! Pretty cool, you start at the bottom and work your way up to the top. Once you reach the top you have to exit by taking the elevator to the basement (aquarium level). Lots of birds and butterflies flying around here. There is A LOT to see at this museum. We were there from about 11-4 and saw pretty much everything. The value of what the museum offered was great considering the price of admission. Will be back again, hopefully for a Nite Life event!
When we were visiting SF once of the places that I researched was the California Academy of Science. From the pictures to the details on the website it really interest me and I love like museums that are different.I think this place is definitely a place to visit if you love marine science, oceanography, marine biology. The museum also shows about earthquakes, evolution, insects, and many other things. I knew about the different sea creatures but I was amaze by the aquarium and the rain forest. You just feel so awestruck when your here. Mostly with the cool interactive things along with actually interesting science facts. Also the penguins were super adorable along with the other sea creatures. I think its cool that they don't teach them any tricks and its just their natural habitant. The aquarium has it's on the bottom level make sure to see the whole thing. Also the roof top has like a hobbit feel to it. Just make sure to check out all the exhibits. It was a bit packed since it was after Thanksgiving I think it would be great to go during the week day when it's less packed. Also if you have a student id make sure to use it to save money.
My friend took me here and I definitely had a great time!Since he's a member, he was able to bring me in for free. We immediately went to the aquarium to look at the fish, octopuses, and other aquatic animals. What intrigued me the most form the aquarium was the cuttlefish. They were really fascinating especially since they frequently change the color on their back. Another thing that was fascinating was the albino crocodile and the turtles that swam underneath.After the aquarium, we went to the rainforest exhibit. There was a line so be prepared to wait. We waited about 5 minutes until another small group was able to go in since the environment was volatile. In here, there were macaws, butterflies, lizards, frogs, and other animals that you may find in a rainforest.I was also told that they just renovated the museum and put $60 million into the Color of Life. I thought this was interesting since this was the educational exhibit where children were too young to comprehend but enough for the teens and adults to understand.I would love to come back here again and I highly suggest taking your friends and family here!
THURSDAY NIGHTS is a must if you are 21 or older because there are no screaming kids PLUS they sell alcohol!! not 21? sorry you aren't allowed in at night---Rooftop was romantic at night although there's not much of a view since you aren't that high up---Aquarium downstairs was nice and there's a touch tank---Planetarium looked really pretty but it closes at 8pm so we couldn't get in ---DJ and dancefloor at the Academy? yup on this night, although no one was dancingNOTE: Parking at night is a $15 flat rate
Came by last weekend equating to the 8th time ive been here. though about 4 times was for nightlife. (which is cheaper and far more awesome). though for families and people not into that kind of scene the longer day nightlife is great too. The aquarium isnt as amazing as lets say the Monterrey aquarium, but its a delight. Plenty of interesting sea creatures to amaze your eyes. The living jungle is pretty awesome. Butterflies, insects, birdies. Its lovely. The planetarium is pretty cool, its good that you can get your free ticket at a specific time. So waiting is never too bad. yahooo
A really cool science museum in GGP! I've come twice for NightLife and once during the day and it's been a fun experience. During the day I would suggest getting tickets to the planetarium show, going inside the humid biodome, checking out the aquarium, seeing the sky and rooftop garden, and also looking around the changing exhibitions. There's a lot to learn about local wildlife and even a bit about San Francisco history.You can get in for free with a member or on free days- though it's usually busier on free days and your experience may be less enjoyable.
This place is AWESOME!I'd been wanting to check out the whale exhibit for the longest time and then Target had a free neighborhood day. Perfect for my "temporary retirement" budget. SO much cool stuff. I love going to aquariums and when I heard this was a bunch of museums in one (planetarium, aquarium, natural history museum...) I wasn't expecting much in the way of fish tanks. Once I got downstairs to the aquarium are I was really impressed! They have a great collection of all sorts of aquatic life. Plus the large tanks were great and I felt like I could stare all day. I loved the deep sea dark tanks where you watch a neon line float around and wonder what the rest of it looks like. I love the earthquake simulator too. Being new to the Bay Area, I've only really had one quake under my belt so it was fun to imagine how a much larger one would feel (and then get secretly really freaked out that it actually could happen during my lifetime!). The whale exhibit was cool, but really not the best part of the visit. The butterflies are where it's at. It's also like getting a mini-sauna treatment in the high humidity! Oh...and there's also more fish tanks in there too. Win! If this 33 year old can have a blast on my own, kids are sure to as well!
I am a fan. A big fan. Such a big fan, that I came back a second time just after a few weeks. If I would be living in the San Francisco Area I definitely would become a member! I got the impression only one day in this great Academy of Science is so much more profitable than many years at school were for me!I love that you can do so many things here! Planetarium, Aquarium, history of the bay area, a tropical globe with countless butterflies and other animals, great exhibitions and so many super friendly and more than happy to inform you staff members! Many information points and hands-on stations all over the place. I really just love it.If you are in San Francisco, you must go there!
Definitely a cool spot. It's a pricey ticket -- $35 per person -- so I'd recommend getting one of the discounted passes (that get you into a few different spots in the city) to save some $$ if you're being touristy, like we were. We lucked out and landed there midday on a weekday, so there weren't many other people (ahem, kids) running around. The biodome thingy was neat-o, though after a few nice brisk 55 degree days the humidity in there sapped us of our energy first thing! The aquarium was cool. We didn't end up in the planetarium which is a bummer. The highlight for me was the penguins!!! The museum worker who was near them was SO informative -- I learned so much and we ended up watching them play and swim for easily 20 minutes. So awesome.
Went for the first time for Sharktoberfest ! Wasn't much about sharks and it wasn't as big as I thought. But it's super fun !!! Lots of people at night . It's really good for couples. All I saw were people on a date ! Lol But much food option at the cafe nor at those stands they set up.They closed the rain forest exhibit before closing ! So I couldn't get in.. Didn't know they were gonna close earlier compared to other stuff . Oh well.. If it wasn't SOOOOO deep in SF, I would definitely come more here more .You can find parking outside on the street too! So you don't have to pay for parking :)
Tucked away in Golden Gate Park, the California Academy of Sciences is worth seeing at least once.Although we found many of the exhibits only mildly interesting here, we did really enjoy the Aquarium. The Aquarium, with it's Tide Pools, California Coast, and Philippine Coral Reef exhibits, housed the most colorful fish and wildlife. While the main floor has the Planetarium, African Penguins, Color of Life exhibit, and the Rainforest, the penguins were truly the best part of our visit here. It was great seeing these beautiful animals up close. The penguins were engaging and fun.I think we should have skipped the Rainforest. It was so crowded and hot that it made this exhibit miserable. By the time we got to the top, it was so humid that we could hardly breath. Although the butterflies and birds were pretty here, the best part of this exhibit was the trip down the elevator out of the crowded mess. We did skip the earthquake simulator. Since we live in California, this seemed a bit redundant. Although it's probably a good reminder to be prepared for the next one, we have so many small earthquakes here that it seemed a bit odd to stand through a simulated one. The aquarium and those adorable penguins were truly the highlights of our visit here. The beautiful fish and tanks with the habitats from the California Coast were quite interesting. It would be nice seeing these exhibits again. If you're visiting the lovely city of San Francisco, this science museum is worth seeing. If I had the chance to go again, I would definitely find some good discounts on tickets and go during the week when it isn't too crowded.
Great museum. Prices can be steep, especially for a family. Tip: they don't check bags for food and water so next time I would pack a sandwich instead of the overpriced cafe food. The exhibits are fun. Lots of kids running around, and they all seemed to enjoy it. However, as a 20-something by myself for the day, I still had tons of fun. I shouldn't have parked in the garage though - talk about expensive! I would have been better off using one of the 4-hour limit on street parking spots and watching the time.
I love this place. It's perfect for my 3 year old. We took him couple of times here still remembers everything and wants to back again....
It was my first time here and it was everything I expected it to be. The parking was difficult to find unless you're willing to walk a couple miles. My boyfriend and I parked in the garage. It was pricey as expected. We arrived at 9am and left at 4 and the total was $28. The aquarium was amazing and I liked the little facts here and there about every sea creature. I really enjoyed it. Though, I think people should be more aware of their flash photography because despite signs prohibiting it, people were a little careless. I think out of all lines I waited in, the earthquake attraction was the longest. It took about 35 minutes. It wasn't so bad though since there were other informative things around the line so time passed quickly. Overall, I would like to come again when I visit San Franciso. It was a great experience. The staff there were helpful and informative and friendly.
I always have a great and fun time here. It has a great open and bright vibe. I love going here and looking at all of the marine life and butterflies. Nightlife is also really fun! This is accommodating for any age group. Parking is expensive, as well as the food. Eat somewhere else before you go there.
Planetarium always puts me to sleep, but it's super cool though. The rainforest is super humid, but got to see live butterflies flying around. the place is really big, but some of the exhibits were closed since I came here for a company event. I like how a lot of the aquarium showcase have tablets, which allows people to swipe and read more. Decent OK place, come back to check out new planetarium videos.
I had this placed picked out on my "shit to do while in San Fran for a week" list. I am certainly glad I got to experience it, but I was quite shocked at the cost of the tickets. We paid $35 per person (adult).  I did not see that they offered Veterans or Military discount either, which left a sour taste on my tongue.   It is a very neat place and quite informative.  They have lots and lots and lots of fish.  Okay, to be honest... I kind of got sick of looking at the fish. But that's just me.  The aquarium area is very beautiful and large. One thing that bothered me though: When we got there we stopped at the customer service desk to ask if there was a suggested route to take through the museum and we were told "no, just wonder around as you please". The problem is that we started in the aquarium and worked out way up, all the way to the top of the rain forest.  Once you get to the top, you HAVE TO go back down to the aquarium to exit.  That's fine, they have reasons for doing that, but maybe suggest to people that they START at the rain forest so they aren't back tracking for no reason. The special exhibit during my visit (Christmas Eve 2015) was the blizzard room (bubbles that came down on your that looked like snow) and the live reindeer.  Both were "okay".  I think for kids it was probably pretty cool... and I guess that's what matters.The earthquake area was the highlight for me.  The "shake house" actually simulates 2 different earthquakes in San Francisco history. It was very cool (and slightly terrifying) to get to stand in a room and feel what one of those intensely, strong quakes feels like.  Yikes. All-in-all, the museum is very beautiful and a learning experience.  I just wish the admission tickets were a little less because although I enjoyed my time there... I didn't enjoy is $35 worth. Had it not been so cold outside.. I think we would have opted for the free admission of just walking around Golden Gate Park.
This was a lot of fun. They have an earthquake stimulator, an indoor rainforest, a giant aquarium and planetarium show narrated by George Takei. Definitely learned a lot and loved the exhibits. One thing I really hated was the cafeteria. It was complete pandemonium. I suggest having better signs or some rope to control the flow of traffic. Trying to navigate the cafeteria and dealing with the crowds put a damper on our visit.
The California Academy of Science is located in Golden Gate Park and across from the De Young museum.  Parking on the weekends can be difficult, but if you come prior to opening there is ample parking. Street parking on weekends is non restricted, which is plus.The museum opens at 11 am on weekends. There was a line that formed prior to opening.  Even though it was the weekend, it wasn't as crowded as I expected.There is a cafe where you can purchase food.  Alternatively, you may pack your lunch and dine outside or inside.  There is lots to see and do here and can turn out to being a full day adventure.  Here are my recommendations:-Get tickets to the planetarium shows first.  This is included with your admission's ticket.  There're several show times scheduled throughout the day. Once all the tickets have been given out, the planetarium has reached its capacity.-Checkout the penguin feeding which is at 1030am and 3pm.-Visit the albino alligator.  Fyi the rock is heated, so it usually stays on the rock.-Visit the butterfly conservatory.-Check out the shake house where you experience the 1989 in 1909 earthquake.-You have the option to take and inside special tour for an additional cost.The museum team members are scattered throughout the facility.  They are knowledgeable, passionate with their work, and extremely friendly.  I learnt a lot from my visit and highly recommended it to others.
Thursday Night Parties are cool, but when the night's theme is "Star Wars" it's even better. Lots of characters walking around and space themed exhibits.  The planetarium has a special feature titled "life on other planets" and there are Jedi light saber training throught.  Good and drink throughout. And in case you're wondering, I am not a nerd, but did enjoy the festivities!
It was my first time here and it completely surpassed my expectations!!! Every exhibition is better than whatever came before. I saw penguins, eels, seahorses, stingrays, Claude the albino alligator, and Lemondrop the albino snake! Not to mention, a huge tarantula. The fish in the tanks created a cascade of colors, so vibrant and pretty. It was like looking through stain glass windows. And almost all your senses are interacting simultaneously. Obviously, you wouldn't be tasting anything unless you decide to eat in the onsite cafeteria. We ordered a slice of Gorgonzola and caramelized onion pizza for me, a pepperoni slice for him, and two root beers...all together more than $20 before tax. It's about the same as buying a snack at the zoo; pricy and okay tasting.You'll spend more money on soveiners. We purchased our green screen photos for $38 and child's book called, " Goodnight iPad"... Yes, sadly "Goodnight Moon" and "If You Give A Mouse A Cookie" are now extinct!!! (((Moment of silence)))Overall a grand experience; one I'd love to repeat again in the near future!!!
Wow, people are really sad and ungrateful. My boyfriend and I went on the free day, no line, and everything was so cool! I had a really good day and whenever we talked to the staff they were super nice and answered any questions we had about the exhibits/animals. My favorite exhibits were the African animals, aquarium, and the rainforest (except it got pretty humid in there). Glad I got to experience this for free :) definitely worth it if you have nothing to do all day. If you aren't interested in animals or insects and cool things I wouldn't go... But who isn't ? :pNo complaints when it's free ! :D
I love places like this and decided to check it out on our "slow" sight seeing day. We arrived by cab in and immediately saw a line forming for tickets. At $34.95, it was not bad (in my opinion). With Spring Break taking place, the entire building was filled with shrieking children with faces plastered to any or all plexiglass that had something moving behind it. The aquarium in the building is beautiful and so are the variety of species they have. The penguins were cute and somewhat curious swimming along the plexiglass. If you don't want to spend a lot on food, bring your snacks/sandwiches with you or expect to spend quite a bit. The facility allows families to bring their own. There is quite a bit of seating around so you should be able to find a spot. If you like visiting these kinds of places, I would say allow at least 3-4 hours to explore the entire facility. Try to get there early to avoid some of the crowds. Definitely  check this place out!
I can't believe this was my first time here! It was so enjoyable and wonderful. I love animals of all kinds, and it's great to be so close to these guys. My friend and I came here on a Sunday so it wasn't super packed. We parked a few blocks away and decided to stroll through the park to get to the Academy. If you're up for a little walk, I'd say that's very worth it! It'll also save you money from parking in the garage. The admission price for adults was a bit higher than I thought, but I didn't mind it too much. I only minded because I know that there are some days throughout the year that admission is free. Be sure to check on their site for that info!Speaking of the site, they also have info on what's going on that day, as well as the following days. They have specific time for certain shows so be sure to read on that if you want to join in where the fun is at with the whole crowd! Definitely would recommend for anyone to go at least once if they've never been here before :) I want to go back and check out those night life sometime.
Came on a Tuesday and it was packed! Driving into the parking lot took about 30 minutes. $35 for adults and the line was really long! There's a beautiful aquarium downstairs. The line to go inside the rainforest and/or to experience the earthquake was about 45 MINUTES long! Would definitely love to try going on Thursday's because it's a kids-free zone! (So I heard)
The California Academy of Sciences is arguably architecturally one of the more interesting museums in San Francisco, with its green construction, multi-use space that includes a sustainable rooftop meadow, a planetarium, an indoor rainforest (yes, a rainforest), an underfoot tank for rays and sharks to swim gracefully at your feet, and at the base of it: an impressive aquarium.The aquarium is really at the heart of this museum, built by italian architect Renzo Piano. Memorable attractions abound, from the famed white albino alligator, to the hungry penguins, the serene rays, the glowing jellyfish,  those otherworldly leafy seahorses, to the towering tanks of the Pacific Ocean, Amazon Rainforest, and Philippine Coral Reef. The entire bottom floor of the museum with its wild collection of fish and reptiles, is arguably the show stopper of any visit here.There has been plenty of local controversy in the recent past about the run-away expense of building this museum, which is reflected in the very steep ticket pricing. but this and the new De Young have transformed this formerly dogearred section of GG Park into a beautiful destination for art and science lovers, and a nice place in the City to see modern architecture. (Underground pay-for parking is directly under the band shell, but arrive early to get a spot, or better yet, arrive from downtown on the N-Judah.  Stop at 9th Avenue and walk down a few blocks.)
It's probably not the fault of the museum, but the traffic was horrid. I spent over 90 minutes on the hill traveling less than 5mph. No parking available anywhere can get extremely frustrating. Inside the academy is interesting. I've gone both with and without kids..and my kids currently are still too young go enjoy it (2 and 4). I did enjoy it as an adult, though.
This was a great place to visit! My favorite part was the rain forest dome- it took you from the forest floor all the way up to the canopy! So interesting to see all of the different animals on each level! Super duper hot area though, 85 degrees, so make sure to wear layers or just prepare for the heat and humidity! Absolutely loved the air plants and the wall gardens. The aquarium is gorgeous as well and it's very user friendly with all of the touch screens next to each display. Didn't have time to visit the planetarium but will do so next time. Lots of taxidermy around fixed in their natural habitats and interactive displays for the kids to see and explore.
I have a great time with the girls here.  First of all, I won the raffle for this day from my daughters band awards night from wood creek high school.  Won the tickets for 4 and I was not disappointed .  This place is located inside the Golden Gate Park right near the De Young Museum.  The place is good for family exploration especially for kids.  When we entered we came and saw from the top the aquarium.  They have black tip sharks, devil fish and stingrays and they have a man maid reef that had all kinds of coral, star fish, sea urchins and tropical fishes.  We went to a show called "earth habitat" and it's inside the  planetarium, a digital show with a 360 view, I mean it's like being there up close and personal.   It kind of made us felt dizzy (almost lose our breakfast) but it was pretty cool.The aquariums are located downstairs with variety of different species of fish from salt water to fresh water specimens.  Some of them are huge fishes.  They also have a section where they have an albino alligator (it hardly move) .  At first I thought it was not real until it moved its tail.  On the third floor they have a place where the kids can do a scavenger hunt and do a sketch of a fossil.  They have interesting specimens that are encased (such as spiders, scorpions, snakes.... Etc.) it's pretty good learning experience and know what to look for if you ever be on the backyard or so and see something you saw at the academy.  My favorite place was the tropical jungle .  It's practical a climate controlled module and they have made the place feeling like you are in the jungle... Especially the temperature and the humidity, I liked it there because of how the butterflies are so used to people. I had one practically crawl to my fingers and stayed there (took a photo shot) and I have to urge it to climb to a branch but it chose to fly away.   The kids (girls) liked the earthquake area because it simulated the 1906 and the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake (brought some scary memories back in 1989).  All in all it was a very fun day at the Academy of science while learning and appreciating The beauty of nature.  One advice, if you ever plan to visit and don't want to pay $5 an hour on the parking garage, plan to come early and get a nearby 4 hour parking by the side walks.  You might walk a little bit it's with it.
So, apparently this place has been here for longer I've been alive. I thought it was a new thing! Oh well, glad I found out about this place and took my bf. It was both our first time here!We went on a Sunday. I had thought that it being a Sunday, it would be packed. However, it wasn't THAT packed. AND we came around noon. Weird. Anyways, when you enter, you are welcomed by this huge dinosaur skeleton. We had a plan, start off at the penguins and work our way around. However, the bat rays caught his eye so we started there, and walked in zig-zags.We eventually got to the planetarium to watch Fragile Planet. People said that it was a great show, however, I couldn't enjoy it because it gave me a headache, which, I'm sorry, made me fall asleep. You're watching the show on the ceiling on this HUGE screen. I get motion-sickness so it wasn't enjoyable for me.The rainforest was pretty cool. However, since it replicates an actual rainforest, it was humid and sticky inside. I didn't like that. BUT, I enjoyed everything else. I enjoyed it so much, that I kinda forgot about the humidity. There are a lot of frogs fyi. Gross. Also, there are a few little birds flying around with the butterflies. I was able to see 2 birds hiding in the trees, so look out for those when walking through the rainforest!After the rainforest, it takes you down to the aquarium, which is like 10000x cooler than in the rainforest. Make sure aren't any hitchhikers on you! The aquarium was where we spent 75% of our time, and that's because it's so huge! There's like 5 exhibits there. When you see the alligator in the swamp area, he's real. When we saw him, he didn't move, so I thought he was fake. Until maybe 10 minutes go by and he moves his arm like 2 inches. Kinda wish he did something cool instead of laying there.We actually finished seeing everything in a day's worth. We kinda rushed through some exhibits, but we got the gist of it. I would definitely come back, and thoroughly go through the exhibits into detail. I truly enjoyed my time here. I wish I actually went here more often when I lived in the Bay :( now I gotta drive a couple hours if I want to visit again.I highly recommend this place-young and old. It's fun for all! It's every interactive as well, which I like! If you have a student ID, show it and get like $5 off. Better than paying full price.
I bit the bullet and bought the individual membership pass here before I even paid them a visit.  I'm glad I did.  Totally worth the price and I've already brought my daughter here twice along with a complimentary guest each time.  I've already got my money's worth!  Great place to bring your kids or even yourself to educate your mind.  Very well maintained and clean facility.  Lots of different things to see including the infamous white alligator which my daughter is scared of.  Note: don't tell your kids that the alligator will eat them if they are naughty, they won't want to go near it again.They have penguins, a huge aquarium, special exhibits that change through out the year and 2 cafes that serve pretty decent food!  And if you want to experience the big earthquake, you can do so here.  Best of all, it's an indoor facility so perfect for the winter!  Oh...and did I mention the membership is also tax-deductible?  Another bonus!!!
I visited here while on vacation from Michigan in August. First, we went to the aquarium which was FILLED with floor-to-ceiling tanks and fish of so many varieties. I loved it. Next, we went into the indoor rainforest which was so unique and it felt like a very authentic ecosystem. It had multiple levels of the rainforest and a slew of butterflies, fish, tropical plants, etc. we also saw the whale exhibit which was cool. It's a great place to be for all ages.
Such a fun experience at the California Academy of Sciences! Went with my family and we all enjoyed ourselves. Plenty of exhibits there, we especially liked the Philippine Coral Reef and the earthquake simulator. The staff there was so friendly too! Would definitely want to make a trip back to San Francisco to see everything over again!
this place sucks if you're an adult w/o kids going to it as a couple. It's mainly for kids, you can breeze past the whole place in 1 hour cuz NOTHING is interesting. IF YOU MUST come here, b/c like me you bought a crappy citypass, try the Planetarium and goto the earthquake are to get shaken up, i guess. otherwise place really sucks.
I've been going to the Academy for over 30 years and live two blocks from Golden Gate park, a 15 minute walk from the Academy. My family visits the Academy regularly.- The Rainforest is amazing. Equally amazing is how people complain how hot and humid it is. Hello, it's a rainforest. It is done so wonderfully and I love how over years it's grown into a truly vibrant ecosystem. I do wish there was a bit more hands on, particularly with reptiles, similar to the tide pool invertebrates down at the aquarium. All the plants, butterflies and birds are awesome, and if you're lucky they'll land on you. It's fun to look down into the water and see the people below.- The geology bits are fun, though a bit wordy for kids. The earthquake shaking building is a neat exhibit. I hear some locals complain that its a bit unnecessary as they have all experienced at least a few good sized quakes.  But the shaking building gives a neat comparison between smaller quakes, Loma Prieta 1989 and SF 1906... and the last person who experienced 1906 died just a few days ago, so I think anyone could experience something new with this one. 1906 is a pretty rough ride... - The Morrison Planetarium. The Academy has really stepped up with space sciences this past year. In earlier years, since the big renovation I was greatly disappointed to see the Morrison become little more than a glorified life sciences theater, occasionally mentioned space science as it intersects.  But lately there's been much more space science programming.  What I appreciate is that, unlike the original Morrison shows, is these newer space-focused productions and exhibits make much greater strides for integrated science. Kids get to learn not just about the Universe around them, but why it's important for us.  The screen is amazing and immersive. Listen to the hosts directions on where to find the best seats. - The aquarium is third to none (second being the Monterey Bay Aquarium, and that's only because of the sheer size of its larger tanks).  The California coast displays are so grand, and in my opinion the best displays in the entire Academy.  They have begun to form a real ecosystem of their own, as with the rainforest.  My personal interest is with the Philippine reef displays which are really well landscaped and have a great variety of very colorful and healthy coral. I could stare at these displays for hours (and I have).  The large main reef tank curves in front of a small amphitheater where they put on shows for the kids, including a glass-cleaning diver who answers questions while hanging out /inside/ the tank!  Feeding time a blast, as the water churns with fish who all vie for food in the water column.I like that the Academy isn't very commercialized in terms of pushing gift shop trips or membership sales. Though, if you don't have a membership entry fees are steep. While the food isn't cheap either, it's really good.
Located in the middle of Golden Gate Park, the building and its surroundings are beautiful! I love emerging myself in science and could spend forever sitting in front of the tanks in the aquarium. The rainforest is pretty awesome, too. A notable sighting was the albino alligator. Pretty sick!It's pretty pricey on the weekends so if you're 21 and over and also want to pair the experience with alcohol, I suggest going to NightLife (you actually see quite a few people on dates here). Also, buy your tickets in advance!
We came to the California Academy of Sciences on spring break and had tickets in advance, and honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect. Here's the highlites of a majority of the parts of the exhibits! Whale Exhibit (Brand New) : It features certain parts of the whale from the very first evolutionary species that ran on all fours to the whales we have now that are over 42 meters long! In addition, whale wars was somewhat highlited in the exhibit in that conservation efforts were made to stop the hunting of whales for their blubber and bone. Artifacts such as an old-age harpoon and a gun that shoots tags to monitor whale activity are also placed on exhibit for those of you that want to see them. Massive whale bones are scattered along the top and bottom of the exhibit as well as a whale heart for children to crawl in are available along the way. PHOTOGRAPHY OF ANY SORT IS PROHIBITED. Security guards are posted at what seems to be all corners to ensure that it stays that way! Rainforest Exhibit:This probably has to be my most favorite out of all of them. You'll have to venture into the large some located in the center of the Academy of Science to get inside. There's different sections of the dome like the canopy, rainforest, and Amazon! Insects and animals are separated into various glass boxes if not roaming amongst the inside of the structure for your view. The butterflies are flying all around the dome, and birds are roaming freely as well! Make sure you take a good look around because they're in every corner, at the top of the dome you'll be able to see a bird pond, they kind of look like gutters. Overall, it was a great experience, and even better for kids! Don't worry, if you don't like walking, there's an elevator at the top for easier transportation!
Wow, the entrance fee keeps rising but still worth a visit.  The rainforest enclosure is unique & definitely gives you a glimpse into what it's like to walk in a rainforest.  Cheaper than a trip to an actual rainforest.  The aquarium is always a joy - especially the jellyfish.  I'm happy to watch jellyfish in a tank instead of while snorkeling.  The earthquake exhibit with a simulation was eye opening.  We even saw the albino alligator swim around!  He sits so still many think he's fake.  glad we got video to prove it.Tip:  Be green & bring a water bottle which may be filled with filtered water in the Academy.
Interesting and educational.  The current exhibits include an aquarium of a coral reef in the Philippines.  The albino alligator was cool; they have big snakes and the planetarium show as great.  Highly recommend.
I think if you're coming to the Bay Area, you owe yourself at least one visit to this place in your life. As a child I used to come here often due to field trips. As an adult I've been here once due to the night life event Thursday nights. Well, now I've been here as an adult during the day as well and it was packed! So many adults with kids, adults without kids, and kids without adults! Still, there is an air of excitement in the air like no other place. I brought my cousin who is visiting from Europe and he was amazed at the primate exhibition or whatever it's called. This place isn't that big, so you can do pretty much everything in about 2 hours if you plan it right. Including the annoying line for the earthquake recreations. There is a planetarium and my gf was a bit disappointed as it didn't deal with space/stars, but with the Earth and how we are all part of the same web with everything that lives amongst us. It was pretty cool, but I became a bit dizzy after the first few initial minutes. There is much to do here, from looking at stuffed animals (poor animals) to going into a bio-dome, and of course the famous aquarium with the albino alligator and the legendary baby Gamera. Gamera will get you if you're not careful. Either way, if you love learning, get your booty over here!
I have never felt so satisfied, and like a purchase was more worth-while, than I did when I left the CAoS today. Because I took so many pictures, and it is something you truly should visit yourself, I won't say any more. Look at my pictures if you want to get a preview...but really, just go!
While it's an educational and fun place for everyone, it's filled with school kids during school hours. Planetarium show is excellent. Parking in garage is exorbitant! We were there for 5 hours and paid over $23! Try to get a spot in the park even if you have to walk. Shame on the museum for allowing an outside vendor, City Park, to charge so much. They must be making a fortune too because the garage was packed! It took us over 20 minutes to find a spot in the fumed-filled garage.
Great place to be. IMAX educational movie, Aquarium, penguin, Cafe, Albino crocodile etc.
I went there many time with my cousins, nephews and nieces. The great place to kids to learn new things ( science, fish, sea/ wild animals, tropical forest, and so on) and that's all day long trip because it's right next to golden gate park and Japanese garden.
I love love LOVE the Academy of Sciences.I've been coming here since I was a wee child, back when there wasn't the massive indoors rain forest, and the biggest attraction at the time (at least for me) was the taxidermied animals area. Even that was still completely magical to me.Fast-forward to 2008, and now the Academy of Sciences is a force to be reckoned with, with the enormous planetarium, aquarium, Claude the alligator, the in-doors rain forest, living roof, and more. I especially love their Nightlife events, which always have interesting exhibits and features. I even caught a show of Rogue Wave last summer, which was quite fun.SF residents get a discount on an annual pass - I gotta get one and make a point of going more often!
I've been to a lot of natural sciences museums around the world, from Miami to London and Singapore, and this one has been my favorite by far. The exhibits are intimate, interactive, and quite informative without being dry. It's a place for everyone, for familes, friends, dates :)
Love this museum!! My second time here and it's always Super fun the night time on Thursday!Got there on Thursday at 7:30pm, the line was zero for people with tickets. Got some samosas with cucumber sauce and to complete some drinks.Walked around at the aquariums, gardens, dinos etc and I just found out that they have a super cute patio with some cool songs! The patio has a bar and was crowded, it's nice and spacious, lots of people enjoying the song (I don't know but to me it was a little strange) because it was freeze outside! And I forgot my jacket :( so nvm.. Over all it's super fun, very awesome!Oh, one thing!! The bathroom is -1 star. I just have nothing to said please look at the picture I took. Nice museum! Just don't go to the bathroom!! Hihi
Ticket lines aren't too long, but buy in advance if possible. ENVIRONMENTLocated in the stunning Golden Gate Park, the exterior and grounds alone are worth checking out.CAFELots of food options divided into the sections of pizza, cafe, coffee/breakfast, sushi and grill, which has traditional American and kids foods. Indoor and outdoor seating is available.MUESEUMEverything you'd want in a science museum. Excellent for kids. Highlights include:Quake simulator Living roofAlbino Alligator RainforestAquarium
Great Renzo Piano Building with an amazing green roof that you can tour.  The museum is quite expensive, 35 dollars a person and I don't think it was as good as I was expecting.  Very basic, but it still had some good exhibitsMy favorites include: The earthquake centerThe RainforestAnd the living rooftop The cafe food isn't that good and you really have to enjoy creaming kids to not lose your mind.
I love the California Academy of Sciences and always come here whenever I have the chance. Luckily, my friend works at the De Young so we got in for free!This is really the best place to go to if you enjoy seeing all their animals. From the aquarium, to their rainforest (warning, has actual humidity of a rainforest), and penguins- it's a nice retreat from the city. We spent most of our time during this visit trying to get the butterflies to land on us and failed. If you really want to see everything, you're going to be here all day. Also, they have different shows in their planetarium that change monthly (I believe). Museum closes at five, so come on the early side. They also have adult nights on Thursdays from 6-10 PM. Not all exhibits are open, but when else can you drink and walk around the Academy?
My postal code was the free neighborhood for the weekend, so I got to do almost everything for free! Definitely give yourself longer than 2 hours! My mistake meant I had to rush through the second half of the aquarium and Africa exhibit and totally skip the earthquake house. I got to spend good time everywhere else though!The aquarium, rainforest sphere, and living roof are all awesome! The albino alligator is super cool too!
This place is ok. It is expensive. You're not going to walk out of there with a desire to swim with mermaids and manatees (both of which are absent from the aquarium). If your girlfriend or boyfriend or child asks you to take them here, just look them squarely in the eye and tell them to take a seat. I would say just save money by going to your local Petco and browsing the fish section. It's free and you can actually buy the fish you see.Check out my other amazing reviews at witt.yelp.com
One of my most favorite places in San Francisco. Growing up, my family and I would come here twice a month and every time I come here, I have flashbacks of my childhood. I absolutely loved how they remodeled it, and they still have a few of the things from the old museum, but now better!I came here with my dad for Nightlife and it was soooo much fun! We reminisced about the old days, and we were able to be the nerdy people we are with each other :) I loved it so much, I came back here with my boyfriend the weekend after! I have yet to come with my mom and brother, but next time we are all in town it will for sure happen.Make sure to grab a drink and see everything here! When you first arrive, make sure to get tickets for the stars show because I know they run out.
Have kids? Become a member, go on Sundays a full hour before it opens to the public, and start with the rainforest. See huge blue butterflies, squawking parrots, and tiny poisonous frogs. Take the elevator down, eat snack on the bench that is in a tube surrounded by fish tank. Find fish of every color in the rainbow. Look at quirky alone albino Claude and ask a volunteer about why he's undateable. Do the museum in two hours, eat a picnic lunch in the shaded outdoor area (penguin side, not cafeteria side). Go home and repeat every couple of months.Don't have kids? Go on Thursday evenings. Drink wine, go through the aquarium buzzed, dance in the diorama hall. Be cool, be hip. Go on the roof in the cool Bay air and have a smart conversation about earthquakes and evolution.
My favorite place ever. Unbelievably beautiful facility with one-of-a-kind exhibits. Where else can you find a rainforest dome, a planetarium, an ocean, an aquarium, a museum, and an earthquake simulator all under a living roof?!?I easily spent 5 hours here going through everything. My favorite exhibit is the rainforest dome - it's warm, humid, filled with butterflies, birds, and live animal exhibits while you see HUGE arapaima (see I learned something too!) swim through the lake at the bottom. I forgot I was in San Francisco for a moment as I exited the dome :(The rainforest exits into the aquarium - and this is pretty much a full-on aquarium with its own floor to itself. It was beautiful, educational, and had a great collection of interesting and unusual sea creatures!!!Their planetarium shows are also always great, and free! They have pretty funny hosts that are engaging and make it a really fun experience.I came on a Monday and the crowd was not bad - however, I do remember having to line up to enter/swarm through small children to see exhibits on a previous weekend - so try for weekdays if crowds/children are not your cup of tea.
I LOVVVEEE THIS PLACE! This place is a combination of an aquarium , planetarium and a museum! There is also a huge beautiful rain forest exhibit as well where you can see exotic butterflies. It's a great place to check out if you are in Norcal! I highly recommend this place to anyone of all ages.It takes about 3 to 4 hours to see everything and they close at 5PM so plan accordingly.If you have student ID, you will save some money :) When you arrive make sure to get a Planetarium Show ticket in the back with purple signs. It's a great place to take a nap with blasting AC.
The ideal place to take the whole family on a hot day. The older folks will enjoy the compact but dense number of thoughtful exhibits, as well as easy-to-access cafe (lots of options) and plenty of restrooms & elevators. The free imax style movies arent too long and make a great place for a light nap. Little Kids love the rainforest butterfly 3-story exhibit, stingray and shark exhibit, and the aquarium.
As long as you don't come on a school field trip day, this place is great! Super educational, high quality exhibits, great planetarium, it's got it all! Become a member and get extra benefits for your family.
This is definitely a must-see spot when visiting San Francisco!Bought ticket package to the museum for a Behind-the-Scenes tour with the boyfriend. It was kinda awkward at first 'cause it ended up just being us with the tour guide. I think his name was Brandon - personable and smart guy. It was definitely a cool experience to see the general layout of the museum, then seeing how the staff gets the collection together. Was honestly surprised at the amount of stuff they have in storage. Hahaha... I work in a library, so to know that a museum doesn't throw anything away unless it's lost to some kind of natural disaster is hilarious! Makes me feel a lot better about how some library collections are still being kept. Very family oriented, so if you don't have kids or whatever, be prepared for the setting.
What a great place for people of all ages...We recently got a membership for the Academy of Sciences and I can't wait to abuse it! The perfect sunny or rainy day activity. The fact that it's almost 4 museums packed into one is very impressive. You have the planetarium which I have been in once that gives you a magical view at the stars above. With interesting and entertaining information delivered in a captivating movie almost. You then have the amazon rainforest section. It is humid and feels just as what I could have imagined a rainforest would feel. They have beautiful butterflies roaming freely and have macaws that aren't kept in a tiny cage. They also look as if they can fly around freely if they wanted. The higher you get in the enclosure the more hot and humid it gets. It actually got quite uncomfortable for me. I started to have an almost suffocated feeling and became very sweaty. So I had to leave but the husband and baby enjoyed all the exhibit had to offer.Then you have the earthquake and more of a natural history section which we didn't have time to explore during this trip but can't wait to see next time.Overall, this is an amazing resource to have here to teach adults and kids about science.
Cool Science!Been wanting to visit this place for a long time now and finally had the chance to go last weekend for the first time! Hubby won free family 4-pack tickets from a high school event. As you enter the double doors of the museum you will see a dinosaur skeletal display in the middle of the lobby.  Our first stop was the salt water aquarium to the left of the Piazza Stage. They also had stingrays to see here. The colorful array of salt water fishes were just beautiful. Found Nemo! a few of them actually. After reaching the end of the aquarium we headed to get free tickets to the Planetarium and watched "Habitat Earth". The statistics of this dome was amazing... it is the world's largest all-digital planetarium. Anyway, I got dizzy here on some parts and had to close my eyes. The seats here were tilted back so one can experience the vast complexity of life forms that surround us through all digital!  Right outside the exit we also wandered to the Naturalist Center where we had a chance to see real specimens preserved in jars or on display. They are locked in cabinets but you can always ask a docent to unlock for you and hold the jar up close and personal. We were interested in the centipedes and scorpions and creepy crawlers like that.We then proceeded to The Swamp on Level 1 and saw a blind albino alligator. It barely moved the whole time we were there but neat to see.  Headed to the Aquarium where they also have the reptile section here and the Philippine Coral Reef exhibit.  My favorite part was watching the sea-dragons.. such pretty creatures. Here, too, the kids got up close and personal with the coastal creatures, they experienced touching sea urchins and starfishes in the Discovery Tidepools. We watched a colony of African penguins dive, splash and swim at the Tusher African Hall. Behind glass were a display of African wildlife... lions and cheetahs, zebras and antelope (not real, by the way, but life-size)We stepped inside a lush, four-story rainforest, home to hundreds of beautiful  butterflies and two lovely macaws and with life forms from the world's richest tropical regions: Borneo, Madagascar, Costa Rica and the Amazons. This is an enclosed area and it is like the jungle, muggy and warm.I thought it was awesome to experience the earthquakes that happened in 1989 and the big 1906 quake in San Francisco in an earthquake simulator resembling an old Victorian home. I lived through the 1989 quake which lasted about 15 seconds but the 1906 was long and scary (I believe twice as long). We learned how seismic activity shaped our planet and how to stay prepared.Lastly, we went to the Upper Level to see the whale exhibit. Learned about these ocean giants and marveled at the whale skeletons. No photography allowed inside. Before we left the museum we stopped by the Piazza Stage, where, at that time, on the stage the children had a chance to feel the skin of a live snake.There are places to eat inside in case you get hungry and souvenir shops throughout. Parking could be a challenge. Arrive early. Annual membership passes to the California Academy of Sciences are also available if you plan to visit often. Great fun place for the young and the old.
This place is always fun. Came here for night, cuz who wants to pay $40 to be around sober people and day light? I did at some point. But for $15, it's perfect for date night. I've been a couple of times and I still enjoy all the exhibits. I never seem to make it to the planetarium. The drinks have gotten cheaper. $10 for shot and beer, which is cool, otherwise there's plenty of places outside to take a couple of swigs before settin foot inside. I love this place. It always has different exhibits each time I visit.
My husband took me here for a date day.It was a Saturday and we thought it was going to be nuts because it seriously took us a least a half hour to find somewhere to park. (I'm not going to take any stars off for that because seriously, going there on a Saturday? DUH. Golden Gate Park is going to be packed.) We bought our tickets by the door. My husband got a discount for being a student which was nice. It's pretty pricy to get in, but it's so awesome it's kind of worth it! There is tons to look at and learn about. We started around lunch time and we are so glad we did. They close at 5 so if you want to make sure you get your money's worth and see everything, get in there at least by noon, just so you aren't rushing. Our favorite parts were the rainforest exhibit and the planetarium. I would suggest getting tickets for the planetarium when you first get there. That way you can choose what time you'd like to go. We didn't know you had to get tickets, fortunately we were lucky enough to squeeze into the last show at 4:30 before the closed. Amazing presentation! We loved it. We also visited the food court while we were there. Just for some quick snacks. It's a little on the expensive side but it's a nice option when you need something to tide you over till dinner. The food was good, not sure I'd want to eat a full meal there though. We had a great day and we loved exploring. Definitely would recommend coming here if you have the chance.
I took my daughter and niece here yesterday.  About the worst experience I've had in SF.  I went on 12/30/2015.  Apparently a very terrible time to go.  I've been once before and it was a more pleasant experience.  TRAFFICThis time the parking was terrible, it took 30 min and ended up parking 3/4 of a mile away.  At least it was free.  The managed parking lot is expensive if you are lucky to get a space.  If the parking lot gets backed up, it blocks all access in the surrounding area and you just sit in traffic.  Poor traffic management here.ADMISSIONAdmission - Adult $35, Youth $30, Child $25.  $90 for me and two kids.  FYI, no discount for military or veterans.FOODWe got there much later than anticipated so we had lunch.  Avoid eating there if you can.  Overpriced!  My daughter and niece each had a $10 grilled cheese sandwich.  There was nothing premium about theses sandwiches and they burned my daughter's.  I tried to take back the sandwich immediately upon receiving it and they refused but offered to make another, at full price, without having to get in the back of the line.  No thanks!  I caved and let my daughter get French fries after I made her eat the two non-burnt areas of the sandwich.  Lunch was $40 with tax and all I ate was a banana to save money. Plan on $15-$20 per person (child or adult).EXHIBITSMost of the exhibits were pretty good but lines and crowds really ruined the experience.  The living roof was nothing special.  The aquarium and domed rain forest seem to be main attractions and are highly recommended.  I couldn't make the planetarium work because of wait and our schedule, but it's an extra fee so I'm not that upset that we missed it.  FINAL THOUGHTSCome early on weekends or do it doing during school week.  Just avoid going on any school breaks.  Try to avoid having to eat there.  I personally don't think you get a good price/value for the experience.  I'm willing to pay for an overpriced ticket if the experience is good (ie, minimal to medium crowd size), but I did not get it.
