California's 1st "Urban" state recreation area. since 1973.  With windsurfing, bike paths, and hiking offered here, I don't know why I never discovered this area before.  Plenty of parking. There are  picnic areas. You have to reserve any of the 4 group sites.There is a art exhibit. There is a sculpture which consists of percussion instruments & steel drums. I am a big fan of the San Francisco Bay Trail for the excellent views and access to the the recreation areas, piers, and  beaches.  I loved sitting on a picnic table near the fishing pier. I can only imagine sunrise here is beautiful.
They really need to repave the roads getting to and around the park areas.    I have heard this referred to as California's 1st Urban State recreation area and in the next 3-4 years it will be one of only two camping locations inside the San Francisco City limits.I am so happy to have discovered this area and it has plenty of parking near the Jack Rabbit location.  Bathrooms were decent, but I recommend packing a small hand sanitizer to utilize.We are in the midst of reshaping and building the park area up a bit for the future campgrounds in Jack Rabbit location.. be careful around the work areas.Enjoy the beautiful sites and views!  Perfect place to sneak away and have a private picnic or date retreat of just reading beside the water without driving too far.Enjoy!
Wow! What a hidden gem. This place is so peaceful and relaxing. Great hiking trails. Lots of parking. There are lots of BBQ pits and the bathroom is clean. You don't see hardly any trash. Place is open 8am to 6pm. A fitness course along Candlestick's popular shoreline walking trails is an asset to those who wish to stay in shape. The park is popular for the fishing opportunities. The park offers hiking, jogging, bicycling, bird watching, informal games, and picnicking. There is a bike path and a fitness course. Candlestick Point is also a popular entry point for windsurfing on the bay. On any given day, people come to  exercise, fish, and just enjoy the experience of "getting away from it all" - a treasured respite from city life. This will be my secret hiding spot. Make sure you check it out.
What a stunning park in the Bayview! I took the dog for a long walk the day before Thanksgiving and ended up here. I loved it so much that I went back this weekend. There is plenty of free parking in the lot. The bathrooms are clean and well stocked with toilet paper and I encountered plenty of functioning water fountains for me and the dog. The park is very well monitored and dog are required to be on leash so be forewarned. I had the dog off leash and was alerted by other dog walkers to that they had been spoken to about the leash. The views from here are amazing and after the recent rains, the grass was lush and verdant. There is a little sandy beach the dog and a few kids enjoyed and I can imagine myself bringing a paddle board and spending hours exploring the calm waters once spring rolls around. There were people fishing off the pier both days. An added bonus was all the separate group picnic areas. These were well maintained and clean.  Some have bbq grills and one of them even has a fire ring! I will definitely come back in the warmer months. This place seemed perfect for a large gathering. Really happy to find this gem in my backyard.
This is a great place to have a BBQ on the weekend. I won't share all my secrets but anyone knows if you're out to secure a good spot, the early bird catches the worm.The area is hidden right by candliestick stadium. Plenty of parking. Good for those who like being next to the water side. The squirrels are extremely friendly to the point of annoyance but it's fun to engage in the battle of wits. (They have no fear of us humans and will take your food from behind your back - consider yourself warned)People enjoy the park's trail and there are several old school obstacle exercise stations around the park. The rangers keep the park well maintained and the bathrooms are in good shape. Check it out and you won't be disappointed. For all the times i've gone, it's been nice and sunny.
Its next to the freeway but not that lit this early in the morning. I would be great to bring the children during the day when the sun is out.
I will miss this place when it's gone!
We made it to the Candlestick Point SRA Sun 1/11/09.  It was a nice, warm day in Winter with no wind, amazing.FREE parking for us, we didn't see any attendant so not sure if this is normal. We parked near the Old Ferry Pier and there's plenty of bathrooms-flushed toilet w/ sink inside.We did the flat, 2 miles RT walk around.  We had lunch on a picnic table, then went to Hermit's Cove and saw many birds in the water & on the Old Ferry Pier.  Nice to take pics of Candlestick Park - Home of the SF 49ers (football team).We also walked to Fishing Pier, saw Mudflats Plover, SF Bay, saw the "Orchestra For Natives Of the Future" sculpture - cool sculpture you can bang on with your hands to make sounds.No windchimes/windharp at Windharp Hill - bummer.Dogs on leash allowed, fire pits available for use.Ok place to visit if you want to have a nice picnic.Ranger office: 415-671-0145.
Great views!
You would never expect it but beautiful and peaceful
Walking around with my family. Great view, there's private benches and fishing spots. Dogs can be allowed. There's fishes that you can even eat! Which is awesome. It's really nice and I enjoy this with my family. I recommend this area for those families who likes outdoors and enjoys fishing.
I'd love nothing more than to watch the Seahawks in person when they play in San Francisco every year, but the simple fact is I can't justify the price, not when I've got a perfectly good HDTV to watch them on, and plenty of sports bars for that matter (although I dursn't root for Seattle in an SF bar, do I?).  Besides, none of my other friends are that into football.  Long story short, I'm not likely to ever see the inside of Monster Park.  But that's no reason to leave this corner of the city unexplored, is it?When I first saw the park service map of Candlestick Point SRA, I thought "wow, how have I overlooked this for so long?".  But then again, McLaren Park looked pretty impressive on a map too.  You just never know in the Bayview.So, given my ambivalent expectations, Candlestick Point turned out to be pretty impressive on the whole.  In the soft winter light, with a haze over the still waters blocking any view of the east bay, and with the fishermen all staying home because of the oil spill, it was an incredibly peaceful place that feels far removed from the rest of the city, which, geographically, it pretty much is.The whole place is impressively large, and the park shoreline stretches a long way from the main entrance in both directions, but the obvious highlight is the walk out to Sunrise Point and the fishing pier there, from which you can get a great view of Mt San Bruno and the upper peninsula shoreline.  There's a ton of picnic areas, many of which actually looked inviting (although the park service was a little over-zealous with the wind barriers, if you ask me).  There's also an insane amount of squirrels running around, and lots of ducks in the cove.  All in all, not a bad place for an afternoon stroll, and an excellent addition to any morning bike ride.I thought I could mosey over to Bayview Park as well (that's the giant hill behind the stadium), but it turns out the only access is from the NW side.  Next time I guess.
I remember having a picnic or something here before with my friends or a club back in high school . I recall walking a lot to get to this park . I also recall seeing ducks in the water . It's just a really relaxing and cool place to be . Forsure .
