I love going here!! This playground has a bunch of fun and interesting things that keep my baby from being bored. Swings, slides,musical notes, a small rock wall, etc. My baby loves the rock wall!There's a basketball court, a tennis court, open space to play fetch or to chill on the grass, a mini running track, and a bunch of sitting areas (on the logs, by the totems, etc). There's also free Zumba classes!! I usually go to the Tuesday 630 -730 pm class. The instructor is upbeat and friendly with a great taste in music. Routines are fun and will definitely make you sweat. With so much to do here, this is definitely the perfect place to go for the whole family!
This is a really nice park for younger kids. There are no big slides so it's perfect for kids 5 and under (which works for me). The restrooms are close to the playground and are really neat. There is a lot of seating available around the play area which is nice because you can sit and watch your kids. There are tennis courts and a basketball court right next to the playground. The only con is that the park is a little dirty. Not necessarily the playground but the park area around it.  A lot of trash along the walking paths.
Beautiful renovated location.  SF parks and recs offer free Zumba classes taught by certified instructors.Tuesday  6:30PM (taught by an amazing person)Thursday  7PMEasy street parking, clean facility and playground.  The neighborhood is very active and welcoming.  One of my favorite parks in the city.  It definitely is a small gem.For more information on the city's free Zumba classes: sfrecpark.org/recprogram…
We checked this park since it was near where we stayed at in SF.It's a very interesting neighborhood park.Pretty cool learning about the history of this park--it was a Filipino gardener who built this place.Carved wooden sculptures and other plants stood out the most when we came here, but of course, there's playground and huge space for courts for tennis and basketball.There are also trails along the park.Great playground for kids and family!
Nice park...on the smaller side. Theres a rope jungle gym that's pretty impressive and wooden sculptures scattered throughout like little treasures....great for engaging your kids inner explorer!
Great place to have kids birthday party. It clean and spacious for $80 hour. Reserve thru Sf recreation and park. They have listing of price and available recreation center for rent. Doors lead to playground. Kitchen and bathroom within recreation room. Control panel for shades and light. They provided 6 tables plus 20-30 chairs. Street parking is limit on front entrance but you can park on alemany street and walk thru back entrance to rec room.
This park has been on my list to come since it's in my neighborhood, and glad I did on this sunny warm day!   There are 2 entrances, Cayuga or through the fence gate on alamany.  I prefer the Alamany for many reasons.  Cayuga is a very small narrow street in the residental area, not to mention, a "not a through" street!  So if there isn't any parking, you have to make a u-turn out the same way.  Alamany is a somewhat busy street, but you'll find alot of street parking where the fence entrance is. Once through, you will notice alot of wood-work and through a jungle of trees and bushes.  This is great as most parks do not have shaded areas!The park itself is huge, there are 2 infant swings next to the 2 older kid swings. I disliked this since it can get dangerous for the younger kiddies to walk pass the big-kids swing as they are gong like 40mph.There is a big, long play structure inter-connected with 3 slides, twirley pole (to swing) and other fun stuff on the sides of the walls (more for infants, like bells and wheels).Sandbox is to the side, and the other end is a very tall rope climb structure.   This thing is huge!! I find somewhat dangerous if kids did go up to the top.  No kiddies were playing there when I was there, but most were just jumping/swinging at the lower ends of the ropes.There is also a few bench seated area, big grass lawn on the other side of the park (short walking distance), and courts for basketball/tennis.  And for the nature-enthused, a lot of woodwork carvings decorate the area, including a seated bench.  This place is kept quite clean and importantly is quite a diverse crowd so you do not need to fear of your child being in the same area as 'bums smoking up'. Definitely worth another trip here!
love the foam ground! no need to worry about my daughter eating sand, or kids throwing sand and so forth. has clean bathrooms, super important, and its the best place for toddlers for sure. The rope pyramid is great for older kids also, but I definitely recommend it for the 5 and under crowd for sure.
My childhood playground!! I've had soo many lovely memories of this place. I remember my best friend and I riding our bikes out to the park to play basketball and tennis. We would compete to see who could swing the highest and jump off the farthest. After many years, I finally had the chance to visit again and this time with my niece and nephew! The city has done an amazing job with the place - the children's play structure is beautiful, there is an awesome rope climbing structure, and the courts and baseball field have been re-done and look stunning. My favorite part is the garden that is filled with the sculptures by artist Demetrio Braceros. He has been a gardener at Cayuga Playground for over 20 years and has transformed fallen trees and stumps into a unique garden for all to enjoy.
My grandpa used to take me to this park when I was little, about 25 years ago.  There was nothing really there, at least of what I can remember but my mom even confirmed that it was a pretty bare bones type of park.Well today, we were visiting my family in SF, searched parks nearby and lo and behold found  Cayuga Park.  My mom had come recently and knew how to get in.  We parked on Alemany and walked down the path that leads into the park.  It is absolutely wonderful what they did with the space.  It's wheelchair accessible for the path into the park.  Lots of plants, flowers, and wooden art statues accentuate the park.  There's an open field, 1 tennis court, basket basketball court, and playground.I love the playground because it's the right size for my 2 year old.  She can climb up the ladders, run along the ramps, and go on the slides with no problem.  With some play structures, I feel like you really have to hand hold your toddler.  There's also a sand pit so bring your pails and shovels and let them go.
Cayuga has changed so much since I've gone before to play basketball.  They changed all the structures and the look of the whole playground, it's gotten so much better.  Before there were no dogs and now this place has gotten packed great changes ahead.
Nice updated playground with a basketball court and tennis courts. Bathrooms are clean. There is also an open field of grass with a trail around it to walk or run around opposite to the playground. You can rent out the facilities for events. When I called them last year I believe to rent out the building for 3 hours was around $250. Includes tables, chairs, and projector. Parking could be difficult and the Bart is quite loud when it passes.
My grandma has lived near this park all my life. I would come to the old park all the time with the huge long swings trying to see who can jump off the swing the farthest. This park always makes me smile. I remember all the good times I have had. Now that they have remodeled the park it looks amazing I always bring the kids I watch to this park. It's so safe and child proof lol. The best part is that they kept all the wood carving and made it to a little museum. It's so beautiful. I also like how they kept the theme of the roller slide the only down side to that is I remember getting my fingers stuck in between the tubes. I have to remind the kids to keep their hands up when going down that slide. Either than that beautiful park love it. I really hope everyone enjoys it.
My son loves trains, sandboxes, and structures. This park has everything. BART trains go by overhead on a regular basis, each time inspiring an " Ooooooo, BART train!"  The sandbox is narrow, but well laid out. Perfect for little ones to play and not get too far away from their caretakers. The structure is a long, rising ramp with lots and lots of activities to do on the way to the end, which is a giant climbing rope web.  My little guy is too young to go to the top, but it was fun for him to play around on the lower ropes. The wooden sculptures that surround and inhabit this park are fantastic for making up stories or even just playing "find the funny face in the trees" games.For adults the playground is surrounded by basketball courts, tennis courts, and a large grassy area for softball or baseball or frisbee.Unfortunately, he wanted to be able to ride his bike but bikes are not allowed in Cayouga park.  This was our only negative, but not one that should affect your desire to go to this wonderful place.
Love the new makeover .  Hopefully it can stay this nice for many years to come.  The new clubhouse is also very nice.
This is one of the best neighborhood parks I've seen. It's got a nice large lawn for lounging in the sun, a new playground with the cool rope web (like in GG park), a clean bathroom and picnic area, and it's ringed with cool folk art wood totems. BART does go rolling through pretty loudly but I'm impressed with what they've done with an area under the tracks that's usually desolate.
Gorgeous playground and park! They did a great job with the renovations and it's definitely a park that Cayuga Terrance can be proud of. What I like most about the park is the wooden sculptures carved by retired gardener Demetrios Bracero. Every few steps, you would see a sculpture planted right by the path or hidden behind some tree. It's definitely worth visiting.
Finally here.. Yelp map got me lost..3 times... it jus so  so hard to find parking..great thingy today both bathrooms are open..
I cannot believe what they have done to this park, MY park!!! It was quaint before with all of Demetrio's sculptures.  Now it's just fantastic, super clean with updated facilities for the kids...
Street parking and BART noise, but super cool city kids park t ok explore
Such a cute place. We just walked through this little playground field area that I have always seen from the bart train a million times but have never actualy went. There is an awesome playground, if you have kids, and the field area would be great to have a summer picnic and its pretty seccluded. I loved all the crazy and beautiful carvings and little walkways in the gardens. Cute little place!!
This park is newly redone. We parked on the north side of Alemany Blvd (cross street Naglee Ave) and it was a stroller friendly walk down to the grass area and playground equipment. We went at 11 in the morning and it was a nice mix of parents/grandparents and kids. My two kids happily played here, they especially enjoyed the rolly slide, the long ramp connecting all the pieces of equipment and the swings. Oh and there a big web to climb for older kids. Nice clean bathrooms too. Kids in a camp came out at played around noon. Anyhow great visit, will go back again soon.
Love this park. I like how they constructed the place. I like how they have everything there basketball, little running track, playground for the kids, tennis court. It's a awesome place like the art there too pretty cool.
After almost 2 years of undergoing a $9.4 mil. renovation, Cayuga Park is set to reopen on August 17, 2013, at 11 AM with festivities! Come join us to view the new clubhouse and to muse at the wonderfully unique wooden sculptures found throughout the park!
