Updated Review 2013: This lovely venue has reopened as the PRITIKIN MUSEUM. It is still one of the coolest spots I've ever visited. It has the atmosphere of Venice Beach, Hearst Castle, the Rijksmuseum, and Ripley's Believe It or Not all rolled into one. Growing up in the MidWest with the same type of family as Bob Pritikin, I wonder if I feel a love for the eclectic art collection and for the atmosphere for the same reason as Pritikin. My ancestors were like rolling stones, moving all over Russia and Poland and Ukraine as invading hordes or other strife fell upon their villages. When I arrived in the US, I had a few photos of my childhood and one doll. What little my family acquired, we could not take with us and that held true for 5+ generations in my family. It's absolutely amazing that Pritikin has collected so many historic pieces that chart the course of history while laughing in its face, simultaneously creating an atmosphere so different from everyday life that you can even temporarily suspend your belief in reality.
I went for a walk through with my client to see if Chenery House/Pritkin Museum would be acceptable for our upcoming event.  The owner, Bob, was super rude and went off on some random tirade.  We left as he was screaming at me.  He called me back a few hours later to apologize.Ummm, no thanks.
Whatever Bob Pritikin and Chenery House might have once been they are now just faded, run-down drunks.If you choose to hold an event here be aware that the glorious experience you are promised by Bob Pritikin will not be quite so glorious.  You must also be aware that Mr. Pritikin himself assumes he's part of your event and will be in the middle of it whether you want him there or not.I held a black tie birthday party with 50 guests there last weekend. I was contractually promised by Mr. Pritikin a full valet team, full staff to welcome guests at the driveway, at the entrance to the house, a bartender, full wait staff, servers, and cooking team.  On the night of my party, the valet staff was one young man trying to manage 20 cars arriving at the same time.  Apparently the rest of the valet service got into a fender bender on the way to the party...  The 'full' event staff consisted of three overworked young men acting as outside welcome/directional staff, coat check, wait staff, kitchen staff, bartender and overall event team. (The staff of three tried their best to manage the event).Almost none of the outdoor lights were working making it dangerous for my guests to walk the pathway to the front of the house.  Only one of the fountains was actually working.  My sister showed up early to check on things and was told by Mr. Pritikin everything was fine and to stop stressing out his staff.  The key disruption was that Mr. Pritikin then proceeded to plant himself in the center of my party, assuming that he was part of my party, and was a master of ceremonies.  During my party he tried to give a speech (one of his staff thankfully took the microphone away from him), deterioriated into total inebriation and his behavior became quite petulant and disagreeable when (in what I can only assume) was his feeling that he was not being acknowledged and/or appreciated. As part of his petulance, he kept turning up the background music - his staff expressed fears of being fired when we asked them to turn the music down.  One of my guests asked him politely to turn the music down and was told she was being disrespectful to both he and his home and to get the f*** out of his house.  At the end of the evening I was told that Mr. Pritikin wanted to speak to me.  He was slumped in his chair and stated he wasn't going to speak but asked one of his staff to tell me that even though I had paid the full amount of the contract he felt that I should pay him almost double that (the poor young staff person was so embarrassed I felt sorry for him).  When I replied that not only had I paid him the full contract fee but had also supplied much of my own alcohol and certainly did not receive the service I had contracted for, Mr. Pritikin decided to speak for himself and went on a huge rant about how disrespectful I was and I was to get out of his F***ing house and never return.  Mr. Pritikin doesn't have to worry on that account, I won't be returning to his house.  A very disappointing end to my Birthday Party.
I've never written a review about a place that's closed, but I'm going to make an exception this time around.Man, those last two reviews/dirty laundry airings were weird.Makes sense, because this place was a little whacky.I had the good fortune of being on a History channel shoot there a couple of years ago.I'd responded to a Craigslist ad looking for Middle Eastern looking people with beards for a show about the gassing of the Kurds in Iran. I went to the studio in Marin for an "audition." They hired me to play a member of Saddam's Baath party. (I couldn't make this sh*t up)On the day of, it was raining and I got the Chenery House just on time. Pritikin was walking around, checking out the scene and I didn't get the feeling he was a bad guy, maybe a big ego, though. I like the place a lot, I only wish he would clean his Persian rugs. I told him I could do that for a reasonable price, but he wasn't having it.Long story short, they cuffed me (for the shoot) and I got executed.The show aired on the History Channel last year and the scene was included.  I made 50 bucks.
Five stars for the sheer disbelief I experienced while visiting this place. One of the craziest, most surreal experiences ever. We toured The Chenery House as a potential wedding venue and could not believe our eyes (or ears). We had no idea what we were in for. We were expecting a charming old mansion in one of our favorite neighborhoods. Okay, where do I begin?Animal sounds blaring out of speakers as you walk through the gardens toward the house. Oh, and how could I forget the multiple animal statues adorning the lawn?A crazy metal tree that shoots out flames AND rain to a soundtrack of Native American music and chanting. The most bizarre decor I've ever seen...I honestly cannot do it justice by trying to describe it. Crazy, random paintings and furnishings that are totally over the top. You've just gotta see it.An indoor pool, complete with retractable ceiling for an outdoor swimming vibe...seriously. I can only imagine what kind of drunken naked activities have occurred in that thing over the years! A "reception room" that is basically a small, dark room in the basement with streamers on the ceiling, a tiny dance floor, disco ball, and juke box. Sweet! And, last but not least, our tour guide gave us a very detailed description of one of the parties held here. For some reason, he was dressed up in a monkey suit and decided to chase women around and pretend to hump them. He went on and on about it. My husband and I just stared at each other and wondered what kind of world we had just entered. We were waiting for creepy people with masks and capes to appear out of nowhere...a la "Eyes Wide Shut." Just total insanity...all tucked away in residential Glen Park, on the border of Noe Valley. The place is crazy, for real. It's like a mix of Alice in Wonderland, A Clockwork Orange, and Boogie Nights. We decided against this place for our wedding (I don't think my husband's 97 year old grandpa or my sheltered, conservative relatives from Ohio would appreciate the vibe), but we WILL plan a party at this place sometime in the future. Hhhmmm...this place would totally work for a Yelp event! It just screams drunken debauchery. I've never been to a Yelp event, but judging from the photos, there is plenty of that to go around! We continue to share some of the greatest laughs about our crazy tour at this place. I swear, I would highly recommend scheduling a tour for an adventurous hour....just pretend you're planning some big event. You won't be sorry.
My husband and I just had our wedding at the Chenery House on February 20. It was beautiful and elegant.  The setting was absolutely perfect. All our guests had a great time. Most people said it was the best wedding they had ever attended. From a bride's perspective, planning our wedding there was extremely stress-free. The coordinator, Madelaine, took care of everything that was site related. Prior to the ceremony starting, I was relaxing in the bridal suite waiting to walk down the aisle. She allayed any concerns I had during the planning process and really worked hard to ensure that our day went off without a hitch.When we booked the place, the only concern we had was that we were not able to do a tasting of the food. The coordinator assured us that Chef John's menu was always a crowd pleaser. Chef John did not disappoint. Everything was delicious and there was ample food for everyone. The appetizers served during the cocktail hour were great. The Chenery House is indeed filled with an eclectic collection of artwork but it is not a surreal experience. The artwork around the house is a great ice breaker and conversation starter for two sides of the family and friends of the couple that don't know each other. Despite it being the end of February in San Francisco, we were blessed with a sunny day, so the ceremony was held outside. During the pre-ceremony time and cocktail hour, a 3-piece jazz ensemble played wonderful music. After the ceremony, cocktail hour was held upstairs while the bridal party took pictures around the estate. My family and friends had a great time walking through the house looking at everything during this hour. The kids had a blast as well. This was a kid-friendly wedding and all the children were welcomed --- even as they ran through the house. Dinner was promptly started and everyone was directed to the buffet table very quickly so they could get their food. The waitstaff was very attentive and took excellent care of our guests.All-in-all, we had a wonderful time at our wedding. Our family and friends keep sending their compliments to us on how beautiful and fun it was.  If you prefer a traditional reception in a ballroom with dry chicken and slippery floors, call the Hilton. If you want something different and elegant I definitely recommend the Chenery House as a wedding venue.
If you look very carefully at the photo posted for this place, I'm the guy standing at the very back of the party. I visited the Chenery House as the DJ for George, who turned out to be one of the cooler people I've met in San Francisco. The entire event was surreal, and I don't know if I've seen so many well dressed people in an extravagant setting like this.The upstairs swimming pool, massive collection of art, M.C. Esher clock, and the psychedelic murals made for a wild experience. I never aspired to play music in room with a dozen chandeliers, but I'd love to go back. One strange trip I would take again.
Uh..weird.  Went to a wedding event.....bottom line if you want to impress your pals with your funkiness and lack of desire to haunt the ballroom of the Holiday Inn...this folks, is the opposite...complete opposite.From the 10 foot clock, to indoor pool to the presence of the (as Dennis R pointed out) actual third world dictator hanging around (allegedly)...fun and appointed.  Don't miss!
If it werent for the party we are at, I'm not sure how I'd rate this place. Imagine doing mushroom, acids, and peyote all at the same time with a few tabs of ecstasy, and you have an evening at the Chenery Mansion. You walk into the courtyard only to find random animal sculptures. Add a clown and you've got a circus in your front yard. You walk into the house, up the grand staircase, and there's a bar to your right. Bar staff definitely kept us drunk all night long. After your first drink you start to realize that your acid trip is starting. You see bottles of sky vodka in fishtanks, giant pigs that cost 3000 dollars, and a parrot flying around the house near the indoor swimming pool.  Then you meet the owner, Pritkin, who's what you imagine Gatsby to be, but hates being referred to as that. Enter the dining room where there's a big wheel spinning with lights on it. Now you know that bringing the ecstasy was a good idea. If Alice in Wonderland were real.....this would be it. "Srini in Chenery Land"
We went to a wedding here last summer and it was one of the most fantastic hipster gatherings of all time. The setting is magically weird and eclectic and 110% fabulous. No, it's not for everyone, it's for those who appreciate the Truly Unusual. This is Off The Beaten Path, right here in town . I didn't know this place existed prior to this event, but I'd  heard rumors about the owner, Bob Pritikin, who made his fortune in advertising in the '60's.Bob was there playing his famous saw and enjoying the party. He's a righteous gentleman and a San Francisco living legend. The website  only begins to portray the over-the-topness of this amazing gem.
I had a totally different experience from the first poster: I went to a birthday party thrown at Chenery House, instead of planning a wedding here. The funky decor was very different from what you'd expect from a mansion, but of course, this is a San Francisco mansion exclusively rented out for parties by a slightly eccentric gentleman.There are definitely some strange paintings here, and there is a whole psychedelic-looking room in the back. The roofdeck has a great view, and the staff was attentive as far as I could tell. There are lots of rooms for relaxing as well as space for a buffet dinner for 100. I don't know who did the catering at the reception, but it was not good: not terrible but not good. Be careful the drunk people don't fall in the pool.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU~HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU~HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR GEEEEORGEHAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU~strange decor, but good times with fun peeps.
My new wife and I recently had our wedding at the Chenery House, one of San Francisco's lesser-known mansions located off of 30th Street in the neighbhorhood where the Mission, Noe Valley and Glen Park all come together.  We found Chenery House on the web, where it promised a "turnkey" event planned from start to finish by its in-house event coordinator.  A visit to the Chenery House showed it to be a striking combination of classic elegance and quirky, even outlandish, decore.  We were initially impressed with the in-house coordinator, who offered us an unforgettable, customized wedding to fit our every whim.What we found did not measure up to the website advertisement or our initial site visit.  Among many things that went right, here are some of the things that went wrong:(1)  Shortly after we agreed to have our wedding at Chenery House, the event coorindator informed us that, due to certain differences between her and the owner, she would be leaving about two months before our wedding.  She could not tell us when, or even if, she would be replaced.  She even told us at one point that she could not tend to our wedding any longer, and we waited about two months, without any assistance, for a replacement to come on board and learn the ropes.(2)  What Chenery House considered "turnkey" (i.e. full, start-to-finish) service was not.  We had to arrange and pay extra for invitations (they offer a party invitation, but not personalized or otherwise wedding quality), a disc jockey, hotel arrangements and in-city transportation for our carless out-of-town guests (taxis are difficult to convince to come to Chenery House's off-street location), photographer and videographer, and anything associated with the Jewish wedding ceremony we had (Jewish or other "special-needs" ceremonies seem to cause stress at the Chenery House).  In short, "turnkey" was limited to what Chenery House decided to include, not to what the couple wanted if it deviated from their plan.(3)  The owner is a colorful gentleman who loves a good party and has thown many in his time, but who always thought he knew best what a wedding should look like -- to the point of having to approve, and sometimes overrule, his event coordinator's decisions shich had already been made in consulation with us.  This made for some topsy-turvy planning.(4)  The bride and groom preparation rooms were full of cat hair.  My tuxedo had so much cat hair on it by the time I walked out for the ceremony that two lint brushes had to be found/purchased.  When we got home, we had to launder or dry clean the changes-of-clothes we had brought with us.  The staff was unapologetic, blaming the hair on a neighbor's cat which had somehow found its way into the house and to these rooms.Our conclusion:  unless you are really flexible about how you want your wedding to be, have your wedding elsewhere.  The Chenery House is a great place for a party, but not for one with many tailored details and moving parts.
I'd really like to give the Chenery House 3.5stars, but I'll be kind and round up :).  The staff was really nice and helpful.  The bartenders took care to ensure that there was always a glass in my hand for the entire evening (I attended the same party as Ellie P), and they also made sure that glass was never empty.  Morever, apparently some staff members also tried to help me go puke after aforementioned evening of never-empty glasses...I don't remember that part though.  This mansion is in an odd little location in Noe Valley with the neighbors' houses resembling homes in the Sunset more than the Chenery House.  The mansion was definitely decorated by someone with eccentric taste.  Random statues of animals litter the manicured front lawn.  Paintings range from a historic Rembrandt replica (used as a decoy in WWII) to some seriously odd San Francisco scenes where all the subjects nipples are in plain view.There's a large room with a pool and hot tub, and I'm truly stunned that somehow no one managed to fall in, despite the open bar and all.  I know I *almost* did.  There's a huge macaw perched up near the pool (a real one, yes!), and I went to try and talk to it, and teetered on its platform with 4" heels and a seriously off-the-charts BAC.All-in-all an awesome place for a party but not so tasteful for a wedding.
I had my wedding there back in July of last year.  Aside from the owner, it was the BEST experience/day!  Everything went extremely smooth, the staff was very nice and the atmosphere was one-of-a-kind!  Unfortunately, the owner was ill when I had my big day at his pad.  He really shouldn't have been there, but was, and walked around in his PJ's when out of bed.  He complained to many of my guests and even told me it was the worst event he had there.  I don't know if he was just ill, but for someone who paid the price, he should have kept his comments to himself.  He is the only reason why I'm not giving this place 5 stars.  Although, he didn't ruin my moment.  Overall, it was an amazing experience and I will never regret having my wedding there.  The staff and setting really made up for what the owner lacks.  Im sorry to see it closed.....it was a beautiful place to share with the public.
This past weekend we had my husband's 60th birthday celebration at The Chenery House.It was what many of our guests called "magical". Everyone felt comfortable in the setting and enjoyed the ambience immensely. Everything was as planned and turned out even better than we had expected. The event planner, Carolyn, made every effort to please us in any way she could.The valet service worked smoothly. The bartender took care of everyone as they arrived and kept them happy all night long. The trio was just wonderful throughout the evening. All audio -visual arrangements worked like a charm and we were able to display our home made DVD on their LCD placed in view for all to see hear. Most of all, the food was simply delicious and the chef and the servers met our every need. The guests couldn't be happier. Cakes too were just as we ordered and delicious! We used Brit, the DJ, and even though the "roast" went on for quite a bit longer than planned he was ready to get us dancing and did we dance!It felt so good to leave everything up to the staff so that we could be just be part of the festivities.We had guests from all over and they left having had a delightful experience of a cheerful evening of fun and intrigue.We highly recommend the Chenery house and its wonderful staff for an over- the -top special event!
