I got tickets to the Children's Creativity Museum using the Discover & Go program from my local library. This was the perfect way to spend the day with my 7 year old niece who was on spring break. The museum has two floors with all sorts of things to do. The lower level had foam blocks for building forts, all sorts of coloring supplies (build a farm animal, spiral art, paper garden, a chalk wall and more), a Lego wall, a theatre with animated shorts playing throughout the day, a place to put on your own puppet show, and more. Upstairs had a room to learn code, a space to film your own music video (seriously, SO much fun!) with costumes and props, and a room where you are given challenges based on age that you have to solve with a mystery box. We spent most of the day here, and had a great time. There were a few water fountains throughout, and restrooms were clean. They ask for you to not eat inside (possible food allergies & messes seemed to be the biggest reasons), but they have complimentary cubbies - so we brought our lunches and ate them in the adjoining park.Well worth the drive to SF, and my niece fell asleep on the drive home, so I'd say it was a pretty successful day.
Hit with my kids.  Favorite is the claymation studio and it is a fav of the whole family.  Make your own clay masterpiece and then have them star in a movie.  We can spend hours in there. There is also a cool art area, place to make a music video, open areas, classes, and toddler areas. Community area has special events. Today was a video game making class.  In an hour, my son learned to make a video game.  I'm not huge on video games but it was pretty cool that he created a game. Not to be missed it you have kiddos!
I wish there was a museum like this in LA.  My daughters 3 and 5 cried when we had to leave.Animation studio: Each of us made a character.  Then the kids created a video with their creations.  For a minor donation, we were allowed to keep the clay creatures we made.Robot Lab: Our 5 year old loved using the robot to make designs.  She felt that she got a chance to really explore and learn.Tynker Lab: We got a mystery box & a word. My 3 year old designed a house & an airplane for her shopkins using recyclable materials.  My 5 year old designed a playground for elephants and a meal for a dragon.  They loved their creations!The carousel outside added to our wonderful day. PS. We used the Science Passport program to visit this museum--great deal!
This was probably a tad too old for my 14 month old. Despite having a 5 and under zone, it was overwhelming due to the amount of visitors the day we went. I was kind of surprised by the chaos, as even the adults weren't very perceptive and almost took out wee ones a few times. Also, the no shoes policy in this area was not enforced, as it should have been - especially on a rainy day. My son is past the crawling stage, yet I know how important it is to have safe zones for crawling babies. With all of this being said, the museum's concept is neat. Children seemed to be enjoying the music and tech rooms. The robots were a huge hit. Worth another visit in a few years time.
Compared to other children's museums and kid-friendly spots, this place was a disappointment. Know going in that it's definitely geared more towards older children. Everything is in a separate room, and in some cases, there's a line and a wait list just to get in. It's probably necessary for them to function this was because, for what it is, the space is pretty small and incredibly crowded. It was difficult to function with my two year old daughter in the more open, "explore" space just off the entrance with the parking lot of strollers and limited square footage. Even the outdoor play space was pretty much exclusively for kids 5 and up, as well, making the visit mediocre at best overall, and definitely not worth the price of admission, in my opinion. If it's a cold, windy, rainy day and you're stuck in the city this would make an okay option. Just keep in mind that you won't be alone...or anywhere close to it.
Located in Yueban gardens.Children's Creativity center provided me with 3 hours of entertainment for my kids.  They particularly they liked the animation studio, robot coding studio, and the music studio.The staff were friendly and very helpful. At each studio was well staffed providing assistance for those who needed help or had questions.I would recommend if you're around the area.
Fantastic place for kids and parents. The staff were all at tentative and engaged with all ages kids. It made them feel important.
We went for the first time a couple weeks ago and loved it! We spent about 2 1/2 hours there and could have stayed another couple. It was a little crowded that day (Saturday) but not too bad. There was a wait for the animation studio so we didn't get to do that, so we need to go back. But overall I was really impressed with all the exhibits and all the learning fun my son had! Definite must!My full review:theeverydaymomma.blogspo…
My son loves this place. Great activities, music video, "coding" (robots), clay animation and of the course, the great big carousel out front. Would definitely recommend going if you have kids.
My son LOVES this museum!  He's come many times between the ages of 2 and 4.  He loves art, crafts, and music so this place is the perfect place for him.  He has fun and learns.We either get into this museum free with our local museum's Discover & Go program (free museum tickets), or we get in half off using our Happy Hollow passes through their network.  The museum is nicely located just south of Market.  We come for East Bay, so it is easy for us to take BART and walk to it, or drive and park and one of the many nearby lots (just make sure there is no major convention going on).My son usually starts upstairs, where he loves to pick a song to sing into the microphone and get his song recorded.  They let you email the recording to yourself for free, and the process is painless.  This room got updated recently and it's great!  My son also loves the nearby room where he gets a toolbox of recycled items and is assigned a topic/thing to create.  Give him paper, "stuff" and tape and he is one very happy camper.  I like that the volunteers and employees there always asks him questions about his creation, making him think and practice how to articulate his thoughts.Downstairs, we usually do the claymation room.  At first my son started with making "space rocks", or random blobs of clay he mushes together.  Now that the is a bit older, he makes things are a little more elaborate.  He always enjoys using the iPad to make a movie with our clay art as well.  And again, you can easily email yourself the movie that you or your child makes.All the other sections of this museum are great as well.  Often my son finds peers to play with and chat with about their projects.This museum is also nicely located because of the large playground just outside.  We always end our trip there, and that way my son gets to do both creative play/creating and outdoor play. If you have little ones, this museum is worth a visit!
My son loves it here. He was excited to share this place his cousins and pals and now they're members too. Nice change from all the peninsula museums and kid spots.
I must admit that I didn't expect much going in to this museum. I read some reviews and it didn't get rated as high as places like the  Discovery Bay  Museum.  The view may not be as nice, but this place has a while different experience to offer.  Our kids are too young for the other exhibits/activities, but they still enjoyed exploring the museum.Our trip's highlights are as follows:- Music Studio.  Our daughter was so delighted to get the opportunity to be in her own Frozen Music Video. As you've guessed, she sang 'Let It Go'  It was probably the most popular one for little girls.  Our daughter (4.3yrs old.) sang her heart out.  We were very impressed with the editing that they incorporated into the video.  They email you a link to download the whole clip.- Imagination Studio (not sure if this was the right name) this section was just after the music studio. Kids are asked to pick a card (categorized by age). Even our 2yr old got to pick his own card.  Each child gets a card that indicates an object that a child can build. They each get their own mystery tool box. Inside the tool box is a mixture of materials (I.e paper, cups, straws, cloth, cotton, etc.) and scissors and tape.  They use it to create the object from their card.Kids are given a lot of stations and tools to trigger their imagination and creativity.
This review is from the point of view of a father of a 2.5 toddler.Pros: Clean, nice, friendly stuff, lots of activities.Cons: compared to other Children museums, there are less things to do with a toddler. On the pricy side: $12 per adult and kid. Comparable to studio grow with kids activities, but 3+ times more expensive. Less stuff to do compared with San Jose children museum.Charming place. Would give it 5 stars if my daughter was older.
I took my kids to this place few weeks ago this place is really fun place but a little bit expensive compare to other places.
Fantastic. If you haven't brought your kids here you should. We only made it to the first floor. My 4 yo son wouldn't leave! Even my 1 yo was having a good time. This just goes to show that even a children's museum that is small in space can't pack a lot into its walls. Bring a change of clothes as they do have a small wet play area. We have a membership with a children's museum in Cincinnati, and they honored it, so we got in for free. Plus afterwards you can take your kids for a spin on the carousel!  Make sure to check the website for closure. I think they're closed Monday AND Tuesday.
Cool place, but not really for young kids and babies. Most of the things here are geared towards school aged kids, but what they have is pretty awesome.
A very cute museum and the name says it all :p I discovered this museum when we stayed @ the W Hotel. This is the perfect place to entertain a toddler and an infant while escaping the cold weather. The last time we visited and it was raining, my son played here for hours with DH while my daughter and I went shopping.The carousel, ice skating, bowling, and play circle is all here :p
Really awesome place for children. All the workers are so helpful and nice. They work really well with the children and are very patient. The only thing I don't like is the parking. They don't have any parking. So I had to park kind of far with two children and got lost on the way to the museum.
My 3 year old loved it, my 6 year old was bored. I loved the coffee shop adjacent to the carousel and the huge area outside of the museum for the kids to run and play. Being able to run around gave the grownups a chance to caffinate and get ready for the next part of the SF adventure.
This is a great place to take your kids . I've seen several musicals here and my daughter loves it. the kids really get into the plays, most of the time they've already read the book or at least hopefully they have Reading Is Fundamental parents
My two year old loved this place.  We went from station to station and he was thoroughly entertained.  We stayed for two hours but I could probably have been there for three if he went back to the stations he liked.  I had fun at the dark room with the colorful screens.  My kid enjoyed playing dress up and playing with the foam blocks.  I loved playing with and rolling out the squishy blue and white balls.  The kid was too young for clay animation and karaoke upstairs.The employees were very friendly.  One employee kept coming to play with my son and interacting with him.  The only cons I saw was that I felt the adults shouldn't have to pay as much, half price at most.  A lot of the parents I see are just sitting around or taking pictures of their kids but I thought $12 was too much for an adult.  Also I feel the high price is for location.  It definitely does NOT have as much as other children museums and it's true, you can do some of this stuff at home, like other reviewers have said.  But my kid was being social, I don't have to clean up after all the mess he made (though I help sometimes), and he has lots of fun running around.  The (yes, free) park is nearby and the carousel is only $4 and you can ride it twice.  There's no cafe inside the museum but there is one outside selling paninis and warm drinks.All in all it's a great place for my kid to have fun and all in one spot too.  I just felt it was a little pricey for adults and kids of a certain age would get bored quickly.  Luckily my son didn't.
This place is awesome!! My husband and I brought our 2 year old daughter, and we all had so much fun! The staff is friendly and the activities are so cool! We spent about 2 hours or so at the museum and wanted to stay longer back had to leave due to other plans! I love the carousel ride, the children's garden park and almost all activities at the museum! I'm so glad we came. I read some negative reviews, and almost hesitated coming but so happy I decided against it! This is place is fuckin cool! Yes fuckin!! Will definitely be back during my next San Francisco visit!
So let me start by saying, that if I had brought a 4 year old, this would have been a 5 star review.  However, because I read that this was previously The Zeum, I thought that they target age was the same.  I went to The Zeum in high school...this is NOT that.  This is definitely for a much younger crowd...like under 5.  I brought my sister who is 11, and we started off the the claymation area.  You build a clay figure and then make a movie with it using still shots.  We spent a lot of time in here, and boy am I glad we did, because we basically left after this.  We did go check everything else out, but it was all for a lower age group.  She was decently content with the mystery box challenge, which is a bit of fun, but that was it.
This place is off the charts awesome for little ones. My son went bananas at this place until he passed out in my arms...and he's 18! Kidding, he's 1. This was a real gem of a find for a one-year-old.
Came here with my 2 kids and nephew (7, 3 and 1) since it's a part of a membership that we have with another museum. The place is small and they charge $12/person for general admission and $4 for the a carousel ride, that's pretty pricey for a carousel ride.  They had a chemistry event where the kids collect a passport and go around to each station to learn about different chemistry experiments.  This was fun for the older one, but the little kids were too young to understand what was going on. The kids had fun, but there wasn't much to do here.  I don't think I would drive up to the city for this museum again, unless I was in the area.
The Legos were crusted with brown gunk. Same with the Tegu wooden blocks. The whole place needed a scrubdown. Two little boys were screaming like crazy, nonstop, and neither their mom or staff made any effort to control them. The boys were too old to play in that area, pushing the toddlers, yet no one stopped them. There are other Bay Area children's museums that have staff who respect little patrons and clean the toys daily.
Overall impression is that the museum is a fun place for older kids. It's true to its creativity theme, many of the attractions were quite mundane items implemented in a very creative way (like the Innovation Lab).
I took my 3 year old here yesterday and we had a blast!  Especially in the Music Studio, where he made an adorable music video.  He was a bit too young for the Imagination Studio, but is a good place for him to grow into.  We didn't try too many of the other areas, but easily spent a few hours inside.  I especially appreciate that you can get in's and out's, meaning that I could take him outside to burn off energy on the slides whenever he got a little too stir crazy.  We'll be back again soon!
Awesome awesome awesome.  Took my 2 year old and it was perfect for her.  There was plenty of stuff for her and some older kids to do (computers, design, crafts)
What do people not like?  5 Stars all the way for our experience here.  Oh yea: this is a children's museum but there are regular adult toilets and sinks at adult heights with a cheap $5 ikea stool that raises your short kid 4 inches.The place is well staffed with patient people to clean up after all the messy kids.  Thank you all!  My 2 year old had a ball and I had to trick her into leaving.Park 1 block away at the 5th and Mission parking garage.  Enter on Minna.  $13
This place is okay - I agree with many others here that it's probably best for a slightly older set (my son is 4-1/2). He had a blast in some exhibits that really didn't seem like much at all, to be honest. And yeah, not really necessary to pay a museum entrance fee to play with Legos and Magnatiles. I found the karaoke room to be really bizarre, but maybe that's because when we stumbled in, there was an awkward, nervous mom-like person singing a very out of tune, unidentifiable song for...no idea who. Meanwhile, the real hit here is the great playground full of slides, slides and more slides! Do be aware that there is pretty much nothing here beyond things kids can climb up and slide down, so if your little one is stuck on swings, for example...not a good place. It's also best suited for kids 3 and up (officially, the signs state that the equipment is for kids 5 and up, but I think that's a bit much). The carousel is great, too - although it's $1 cheaper/person with a museum entrance stamp, the two are otherwise generally unassociated.
My 4 year old daughter and I had the best time here yesterday. We took the train from the south bay. The museum was about a 10-15 minute walk from the Caltrain station. The staff was friendly and attentive. I loved how the asked my daughter questions and got down on her level. There is so much to explore and everything is hands-on. We came in the afternoon and it was not very busy. We spent an hour in the animators studio where we made our own claymation characters and then made a stop action movie. My daughter was engaged the entire time and your movie is emailed to you to share with family and friends. Downstairs there is a large open space area for younger kids to build and play. Like other reviewers have noted the museum is probably best for a little bit older kids although I think my 2 year olds would have still had a lot of fun if he had joined us. Upstairs there is music studio where you can make your own music video, a design studio (best for older kids) and an innovation lab. My daughter loved the innovation lab. In the inventors studio you are given a task based on your age and then pick a mystery box filled with random supplies. Your goal is to complete your task using the supplies. My daughter drew something to wear on your head and she spent 30 minutes designing and making a hat out of toilet paper tubes, tissue paper, popsicle sticks, tape , bubble wrap and other supplies. We will definitely be back!
My kids love to come here any time we are in SF. Their ages are 10, 6 and 19 months and there is something for all of them to do. That is rare, believe me. The staff in the animation room was very kind to my kids and spent time explaining how the room worked which was great. For me, it's not incredible but I feel like I am not as much the judge here as my kids and like I said, they really have a good time here. I do feel like they could get rid of/ change a few rooms such as the computer room and music video area as there are definitely areas we don't ever visit.
Great (small) museum.. went to a 3 year old b-day party.. it was perfect! Private room and 3 staff members helping! My kids (4 and 9) both had fun!
This place is wonderful!  I came here with 3 elementary kids and 1 high schooler.  They loved it!  There are lots of hands-on activities to do and lots of technology.  The kids enjoyed being able to use the computers, take pictures of themselves, sing karaoke and make a video, be creative with recycled goods by accepting a challenge to build something, create clay objects and make a movie, and join in with a sing-a-long with the babies and toddlers.  They had a blast!  We also purchased carousel tickets (2 rides each).  We are from San Jose and the kids say this place is way better than San Jose.  They want to come back to this museum..   I would love to, it was really fun!
It was such a pain trying to figure out where the entrance was, and the parking was stressful. I also think the general admission should've been at least like $8-$10 dollars for adults and maybe $5 for kids/toddlers. The only reason I'd point out the price is because it's pretty pricey to pay for an adult even when we're just there to supervise the kids. But anyway, this was my first time coming here and it's pretty cool! I would definitely recommend throwing a kids party here. It's a great way to introduce them to visual arts and design and everything is just so creative. I would make some of the walls a little less plain though. I took pictures at literally every spot we went to. I think it's most appropriate for ages 2-10. The animation room is neat, the dress up/puppet theatre was cute, and the computer designing place is so cool. My favorite part had to be the finger motion-censored Mac computer screen and the green screen to do singing videos in the music room. You get to dress up and sing karaoke to a variety of good songs, and they will email the video to you with the choice of background you chose and the names of the singers. 10 years from now, the kids can look back at their first green-screen music video! Overall, it was a wonderful experience.
Not much here, beside the carousal which are always fun for kids (but it is an extra charge). But as far as the museum itself, unless your kids don't have Legos, play-doe, blocks or a train-set, there is really nothing too exciting here. The two digital exhibits were pretty lame, one was barely functioning and the other was just a video of your kid going down a slide. (I can do that on my phone.) The guy that was working there was nice.
This is a hidden gem museum in San Francisco. Great for folks meeting somewhere in between the Peninsula and East Bay without a car with kids. Loved the karaoke and music room. My kids belted out Twinkle Twinkle (they are ages 4 and 20 months). Like the big room with arts and crafts, water play, slide and blocks. Perfect for little kids under 6. Not a big fan of the inspiration boxes, I found it hard to do with the kids especially after coming several times - the kids easily got bored.Used my AAA discount for a reasonable admission price. I also realized I could have gotten 50% off with my existing Curiodessy membership. I'll do that next time.
Came here for a 5 year old birthday party. Super fun! Well done and the kids had a great time.
A fun place for 4-7 year olds. They can run around and do a bunch or art and play with their imagination. The nearby playground and carousel are also lots of fun.
I recently took a visit here with my three year old and a couple of friends who have two year olds and they were happy to run around and play. The train station proved popular when you first walked in and the little crafts you can make kept the toddlers busy.When you are done exploring you can take a spin on the carousel. Just make sure you bring cash. $3 with museum admission (get a hand stamp when you leave). The play circle was also right outside where the kids were able to play on slides, sand boxes and jungle gyms. There was even a ball and some hula hoops.Come! Don't drive. It is too hectic. Take BART and get off at Powell Street and walk a few blocks down 4th Street.There are a lot of activities for kids of all ages.There is also the newly designed Metreon with a load of places to eat after. You can totally make an entire day of this place and the surrounding area.
Love love looooooove this place!Brought my nephew here three days in a row during our trip mostly per his request.  I am very glad we got to enjoy this wonderful haven for children.They have a bunch of crafty little stations where kids can dress up, build with various materials, paint and mold things with a floam like product. There is a very open spacious room full of percussive instruments but wouldn't recommend going in there if you are prone to head aches! There is also a music studio and an animation center. I wouldn't recommend those two spaces for children under the age of 5-6.The staff here are wonderful. They are very hands on, gentle, and really great with kids. I love that you can tell that they enjoy their job and have a real knack for it. If anyone should go here, make sure to get your hand stamped for re-entry.
Not recommended for toddlers. Took my son (almost 3 yrs old) and he couldn't benefit from majority of the activities. As other posts mentioned, toddler equipment and toys look worn and dirty, and everything there you probably already have at home for them.  Only part that almost (but not really... just trying to make myself feel better) made up for the cost of gas, time, parking, and admission fees was the carousel.... Which isn't even part of the museum. And the pigeons that my son chased around. Obviously we will not be recommending this place to anyone with a toddler.
Fun at the Zeum!This a great educational place for kids.  Lots of different interactive activities.  Play with your hands and feet.  If you want a fun learning experience for the kiddos, check this place out.  Admission is decent!  It's in the city so parking is hard to find.  The girft shop and carousel are right around the corner, the kids will enjoy that as well.
On a quick three day get away with our kids...it was their first air flight and the trip was packed with activities...we had no idea what we would do on our last afternoon in the city when we stumbled upon this incredible experience in Yerba Buena Park...we spent most of our time in a claymation animation studio and not only were the kids thrilled, so were we....what a fantastic experience....
Had such a blast with my 21 month old AND 5 1/2 year old for more than 3 hours! The staff was courteous and attentive, everything clean and well-stocked. There was a live story time/sing along that entertained both kids. By the time we got home we had a live animation and two karaoke videos waiting for us in our email to watch. Can't remember the last time both kids were so well entertained! Bravo!
We always have fun here as a family, even with ages ranging from 5-16 they all have fun. The claymation studio is great and you get to leave with a movie and your character ($1 donation per character recommended.) We usually join as members which is $99 and gets 3 adults plus 4 kids free entrance for a year. What's great is that it is a tax write off so real cost is only about $70 and it comes with free reciprocal privileges to 300 other museums.
Came here with my 6-year old and 3-year old who, luckily, love art. They spent tons of time just gluing, cutting and pasting downstairs. They had scant interest in the rest of the stuff down there--a slide, the animation studio, etc., so we went up, up, up where they dabbled in karaoke in the Music Studio before accepting a "mystery box challenge" in the Innovation Lab. The mystery box challenge was another art-based activity where each kid had to create the item specified on their "challenge" card from items in their mystery art boxes.The rooms are large and the exhibits seemed too small relative to the space, but the staff were really friendly and we always appreciate children's museums.  Plus, a carousel and big old playground are just outside. Perhaps when they're older and do more computer-oriented stuff, we'll have more to do here!  For now, I'd say San Jose's Children's Discovery Museum, Habitot in Berkeley, and the Palo Alto Junior Museum are much better for interactive displays for this age set.
Took my class of 3 and 4 graders on a field trip here. They were so excited and we had a wonderful time! The staff here was very helpful and they had plenty of people to go around and help all of my students. We did the clay animation workshop and created movies. I just wish it would have been a bit longer, the kids were trying to rush to get it completed. Overall though, we had a wonderful day. The kids got to take the clay characters home. I had thought we would be getting DVDs to take home, based on the website, but they emailed them instead, which was okay. Take your class here, you won't regret it!
Unfortunately, the museum did not live up to what I had expected.  I thought the museum would be similar to the Bay Area Discovery Museum in Sausalito or the Children's Discovery Museum in San Jose since the admission prices are just about the same.I found that there were not many things for my 2 year old to do.  In general, things looked well-played with (old) and somewhat dirty.  There were no trains at the train table and only one ball of playdoh - both things we could do at home.  Of course, my little one still had fun and loved the wooden slide.  I just didn't find it worth the price.
Extremely nice staff, well informed, good knowledge of Children and how to adapt to their behaviors. Will know how to re-direct a toddler, amaze a 10 year-old, engage an 8 year-old. Speaking from experience here. You can bring kids of very different ages and backgrounds and they will ALL be entertained. Hats off...
Great place to go for elementary aged kids.  We took our preschooler here and it was worth it and she enjoyed it. Especially the play area, and making her own music video.However, If she was say, 6-11 years I think she would have gotten much more out of the place.  Animation studio and art activities were a little too old for our daughter.  I saw that they have younger aged art classes though bit we didn't make it to any...We will definitely take her again when she is a little older.
If you are looking for something fun to do with your toddler in San Francisco, check out the Creativity Museum. I take my 18 month old every Friday for the "Early Birdies" program, which runs on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday from 10AM - 11AM.  Basically they have a huge room that is shiny clean, with stations set up:DressupPuppetsSlide (with TV recording and playback)Art (markers, crayons and paint)BooksChalkboard Computers with appsPlaydoughMagnatilesHuge soft blocks & noodlesThere is also a train table and a lego station in the front hall area.  And a karaoke room upstairs.We always arrive at 10AM on the dot to be the first on the carousel. At 10.30, most kids pile into another room for an interactive music/ story time.  I say most kids because my toddler loves to run around the museum.  He can't stay put.Compared to Recess (where I am also a member) the Creativity Museum is clean, shiny and new.   My only gripe is that there isn't a cafe. Nearby parking at the Mission and 5th garage. Park on the 4th street side of the garage. From there it is a 2 block walk. The cost of admission ($10) is way less than drop in fees at Recess, My Gym, or just about any other private play space in the city.  We are members ($100) and can bring another adult and two kids in with us for free.CAVEAT: This is a small museum, nothing like the Children's Museum in Boston, which was my favorite when I was growing up.  That Museum was an all day outing/ major field trip.
What a fun place for my 7 and 11 year old.  Lots to do for them.  Luckily they could block out the crying toddlers that filled the place.  At first I was concerned, but there was plenty to do with claymation movies, innovation lab, and tinkering with Adobe Photoshop.  All the employees were so nice and knowledgeable. I almost felt guilty for the measly price we paid and all the critical thinking my kids experienced!!!  I do wish my kids wanted to make a video, but they could not stand to listen to another rendition of Let it Go!!
There are a few postings here that say parking is far away.  I think it depends on if you are willing to pay for parking.  We used the parking garage on 3rd Street between Folsom and Howard so we only had to walk a block.  It was pretty good at about $2/hr thought the cost changes depending on the time of day.  I was a bit disappointed by how small the place was.  When you walk in, there's a room straight ahead with a bunch of mushrooms that have ipads on them.  Like many of the other parents on Yelp, I'm not so keen on taking my child to a museum so they can play with an app.  When you walk in, you will see a big room on your left.  This is pretty much the main attraction with a wooden slide, some tables for kids to crayon on, a gymboree type area and a place to play dress up. Like the other people here, I don't see how this is anything different than what the kids can get at home.  There's a room in the back that is for older kids to do claymation.   I can see how this can be fun but I've also done that at home with a digital camera and imovie so for us it was also something we could do for free at home.On the museum's website, we saw that there was a lego wall.  After roaming around for a while, we found it in front of the elevators on the first floor.  It's really not that big and kind of looked like it was there for people to play with while waiting for the elevators.  On the upside, we were the only ones there so we had it all to ourselves.The best part about the museum is what is outside of it.  There's a great playground on the other side of the courtyard.  Great big slides, a labyrinth, a sandpit, a water area, and lots of grass to play on.  Even better yet, it's FREE! :)  If we're ever in the area again, we'll probably just go play there and not bother with the museum.  It's not worth the money to do things you can just do at home.  I'm comparing this to the Hand's on Museum in Ann Arbor, MI which is AMAZING so it might be unfair but I think we would have been disappointed either way.However, if you are curious about the place and are a Bank of America customer, you can visit for free during the first weekend of each month.
This place needs to work on their content, not their image. A while ago they rebranded themselves as the children's creativity museum when they used to be zeum... I had never been when it was zeum, and had read that they were making it more toddler friendly and that it was "new". Um..... It was none of those things. I have to say, I don't see the draw of this place. Why would I want to stand in line to do something that I could do at home.... The toddler playspace was old, worn out, and dirty, as were the dress up clothes... Playdoh station? Making a boat out of a plastic bowl? How is this at all more creative than something I can do at home? The amount of money this museum spent on iPads was just offensive... The mushroom/ video screen display has no less than 8 ipads.... Um... That would be over $4000?!??!/! What the heck? Who signed for that allocation??? If you want to bring your kid to a "kids museum" so they can play with some meaningless useless application on an iPad, go right ahead.... But I have better things to do with my little one's time. As another reviewer has said, it is quite sad that sf has no kids museum to speak of that is really worthwhile... For $10/per person, this place is not worth it. We had 50% off with our membership to the chabot. Still won't be going back. We had more fun watching the ice skaters and at the big slide next to the skating rink. Goes to show, you can rebrand yourself with cute logos and characters, but if doing so, people like me expect some substance..... This place needs to reevaluate themselves and their mission statement in a big way.
Good but less than what we expect.
Found this place on Yelp and it lived up to the great reviews. Tons of activities for the kids where they can learn about technology, art and science in fun ways. Well worth the admission price, but keep an eye out for deals and discounts (including AAA). A huge playground is outside if you want the kids to blow off some steam before heading home (GREAT idea btw). Highly recommended for children of all ages.
I know this place is meant for kids, but I found my inner child at the Claymation Studio. We spent an hour shaping clay and getting a video made. So cool!
YBCCM is a good place for creative slightly older kids IMO. My 6 yo nephew had a great time but he was a little apprehensive about trying the more complicated creative activities. He loved making the clay figures and the paper figures but grasping stop-motion and claymation was a bit hard. That type of patience can be hard for a young child - taking 30 still pictures and moving the figures slightly to make a silent movie - not so much for young kids.My nephew also loved the computer lab because what kid doesn't love computers in 2012 but I wish the programs were easier to use. The attendant had to stop and help us because the programs aren't super user friendly. The staff were really great. Lots of high school aged kids who seem to love creativity and working with kids. They were very patient, helpful, polite, respectful etc.I recommend YBCCM for kids older than 6 though. I'd bring extra crayons and markers because the ones provided were a little shabby. There's a playground  and a carousel close by for when your tike gets tired of the museum and just wants to run around.All in all, we had a good time and my nephew enjoyed his time there.
Lots of activities and creativity going on here.  We were just bummed out to discover that they close at 4pm on Sundays! We'll be back, for sure.  A great place to take your elementary-school aged kids who are interested love animation, karaoke, drawing, etc.
Good museum in the heart of SoMa that caters to several different age groups. One advantage is has over the bay area discovery museum is the proximity with many exhibits and studios. If you come with a pregnant wife or disabled parent, or simply many kids, it is very easy to get around, and the elevators close by next to the rooms. The music and animation studios are very unique and would allow a 10 year old to have a great time while the toddlers are downstairs on the slides and arts/crafts studios.
Had my daughter's birthday party here and was great!  The staff was extremely nice and professional! The kids had a great time and the staff helped us with loading and unloading food! They leave you alone to enjoy the museum and give us privacy in he party room! They will only come by to let us know how much time we have left in the party room but everyone can stay at the museum all day until closing.  They have many fun and interactive activities for the kids and with a sign at the front announcing the child's birthday! This place is great and made my daughter feel special !
Fun & creatively nourishing for kids, my 4 year old as well as 14 year old had a blast!
Zeum is a cool place for kids, but catered more towards the older ones.  I brought my kids and a few of their friends to Yerba Buena for some ice skating & bowling one weekend. I thought it would be a nice place to celebrate my youngest's birthday!  Unfortunately, both places were closed due to a special private event!  Zeum, on the other hand, was right next door and available. Zeum was comprised of mainly student workers.  They were helpful, friendly and explained how the museum worked.  They helped plan out our afternoon there, describing each room which had different themes.  Each room/ activity worked well to creatively stimulate the kiddos!  You can tell their minds are thinking when they are quiet... something UNUSUAL when they are all together.  The two activities that stood out were:(1) MUSIC VIDEO.  The kids picked a song from the big karaoke book.  Costumes and props were available for the kids to change into.  When ready, the kids giggled, danced, and sang their little hearts out.  For $5 bucks, we brought home our own DVD copy of their performance.  Such great memorabilia!(2) CLAY & MOVIE ART.  There was another room w/ stations of clay and other art supplies.  Each person would mold their own clay art, whether it was an animal, person, building, plane, or whatever!  My son made a green super hero w/ orange shorts.  After the molding fun, it didn't stop there.  The next step was to make a movie clip w/ the clay models.  There were props such as buildings, bridges, etc. to use in the background... making the movie clip look more "professional".  For another $5 bucks, they emailed that movie snippet to you as memorabilia and let us take the clay model home.  Nice!!  The kids, most especially my son, was very happy w/ their work.  They all had a great time. :)
This museum is cozy and offers a wide array of creative things your kids can do. From singing karaoke, to doing claymation, to all sorts of computer creativity, to making art projects out of a box they give you of different types of scraps in different materials ---this is a really fun place to go and create. The location makes it easy to grab good food nearby, within walking distance. There's also a nice outdoor play area with cork padded ground. In addition, this complex houses a bowling alley, skating rink and IMAX.
Run down version of the Bay Area Discovery Museum.  The staff wasn't very interactive - all they did was tell us to take off our shoes in the block section.  They didn't engage at all with the kids.  The carousel was nice, but it's an extra $3/ticket - unless you take a survey at the museum.
Z E U M  theaterI enjoy going out on dates that are spontaneous, well thought out and involve some aspect of the Fine Arts.  An outing to Davies Symphony Hall, a hiking meet-up, art gallery opening: all things that inspire.  My most recent dates have been that of the theater outing variety and it has swung me back into the performing arts.  I have no excuse as a good friend of mine is a brilliant playwright/director.This date/visit was prompted during the very rainy spell we experienced in the city about a month ago to catch a performance of Philistines by the A.C.T. Master of Fine Arts Program.  The space is large (200-seat), open and high ceilings to allow for elaborate sets to expand above the typical peripheral.  As part of the audience, taking in the artistic theme further emphasized how important it is to fully coordinate the theme of the script, the production and the concept behind the design to present a successful play.The A.C.T. production was intimately jarring and quite explosive with conflicted moments between the family members brought to the cusp of destruction.  It was easy to see who was the veteran on this stage: Jack Willis, who as Vassilly, was powerful, poignant and demanding as the strict and restricting father.  Leaving the theater charged was inevitable, despite the light showers that had just started.This ideal space is situated right across the street from the Moscone Center and there are a bunch of eateries and coffee shops within walking distance prior/after catching a show.  In addition the theater, Zeum also houses a museum with a hands on approach for children to  experience art, multimedia and technology. For the sunny day a ride on the carousel is a must.  For a non-profit, an inventive and fun way to expand knowledge for our little ones.Congratulations, Zeum, on your 10th Anniversary!zeum.org/about/tenth.html
Creativity 101. I often come here with my "little sister" from Big Brothers Big Sisters and we always have a great time. There are so many activities to do that we never get stuck doing the same thing twice. You can make stop motion movies with clay creatures, you can record a music video, build things from blocks and magnet toys or just pull some random crafts out of a hat. She's 10 years old and loves the spot!I've never been here with younger kids, but there are definitely some activities tailored to youngsters and some that 10+ year olds will like.
Take your kids!  This place is outstanding!
I took my fourth grade students here last year for a field trip, and it turned out to be one of the best field trips I've ever done. My kids did the clay animation class where they worked in teams of 4-5 to bring a story to life. Before we went there, the kids chose a scene from a book we were reading, wrote a storyboard for it, and created backdrops. At the museum, the kids were given all the clay they wanted to make as many characters as they could. Then each group set up their characters and backdrops at an animation station. They were shown how to work the camera and control the program in order to create a short animated movie. The class was almost 100% student directed, with assistance from the workers as needed.The only thing that would have made this class better was if the class were a little longer. We felt rushed during both the making of the characters and the shooting of the video. Overall though, the kids had a blast and loved getting to show off their movies to friends and family later.I'd definitely recommend this place to teachers looking for a new and different kind of field trip opportunity for their kids!
We have reciprocal membership.  My daughter loved the Digital Art Studio and Special Effects exhibit.
Great Museum for young kids (preschool).Also has a small enclosed playground with some very large slides.
The Yerba Buena Gardens is a great spot for kids.  In the museum, there are different areas that focus on different activities - such as design, music, etc.  I appreciated the activities that were offered, but it seems like children of at least 5 years of age would appreciate it more than little kids.
This place is okay. Thank goodness we came here 45 min before the place closed. I was about to give it 2 stars, but the guy in the front told us to come back in 15 min and it would be free! Woot!  Thanks to his honesty, we didn't have to pay cover. I woulda been pissed if we had to cough up 8 bucks a head for stuff that really is geared towards kids. It's really just a children's museum. The claymation studio is cool, and the video stuff is fun too. Everything else seem pretty simple and not really fun if you aren't a kid. It's just something different to do.
For kids ages 4-11, this place is amazing.Outside is a carousel, very good for small children. Also, by the entrance is a large play space + slide for kids 4-11 to run around in.As soon as you walk into the actual museum you see the 'noodles' from a swimming pool, or if you're a four year old boy, swords. We engaged in some epic sword fighting until 'the beast' ran off to go play with large blocks.For the slightly older kids, there's play-doh, and the option to make things out of clay, plus a wall for lego's.All in all, a great way to spend a few hours in SF.
Only entertaining for younger kids, but that entertainment doesn't last very long.  The things there are outdated, especially the karaoke.  As a summer school teacher, we took the kids here and they don't know who the backstreet boys or Nsync are.  They were born when those bands were hits.  They need to update their music for the music videos.  The only thing that isn't outdated here is the computer studio where you can photo shop pictures on a Mac.  The Main area right next to the lobby gets boring pretty fast, the only main attraction there for the kids is the green slide where you can film your own video.  The animation studio where the clay is is a big hit!  Kids loved making their own clay figures.  Entertainment lasts at most 2 hours.The middle used to be a labryinth maze where you can step on it to play, but now they changed it to something else which isnt as funOnly reason for the two stars is, the animation studio is fun, and the staff are very very friendly and helpful.Main drawbacks are many things are outdated and lack of prolonged entertainment
Had a great time with my 6 and almost-4 year-old daughters.  Some of the exhibits are definitely geared toward older kids, but they both enjoyed themselves.Positive aspects:- Staff were all very friendly and helpful- A good range of exhibits and play areas to appeal to ages 3+ without too much parental supervision required- 1/2 price admission with Happy Hollow or other local zoo/museum memberships.- The immediately surrounding area has some great activities, including the Zeum Carousel, a great playground, and bowling and ice skating.- Museum gift shop has interesting educational and scientific toys.Negative aspects:- Few of the exhibits seem to have been refreshed in the last few years.- Some of the art computers couldn't be used due to "admin password" dialogs blocking the application.- Probably wouldn't be exciting after the second or third visit.
Really???  I have been to children's museum everywhere from Hawaii to New York  to Seattle and have never seen anything as poor as this. This does not resemble a children's museum in any manner.  Shame on San Francisco for not offering a children's museum worthy of such a great city.   In short, there is an area to basically play with Playdoh, an area to sing in a microphone (only 1 child), an area with ipads, an area to do art with scraps of paper (terribly sad art area), one tiny slide, and a soft play area with foam tubes. That's it. All this for $30.  Really disappointing!!!
Our family has been here twice and loves this museum. I would give it five stars if it weren't for the crowds and wait time for some of the activities.  Be prepared to walk a couple of city blocks from a parking garage.  The clay-mation movie studio, in particular, is well thought out and a great introduction to animated film for kids.  Our group of boys from 4 - 7 really got into it.  The wait, however, was a bummer.  Other highlights include stop-motion animation stations using blocks and figures; "music video" special effects dancing studio; green-screen put-yourself-in-a-movie-backdrop station; digital photography studio.  On an uncrowded day, it can't be beat for kids interested in digital arts.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The gift shop is fabulous.  And ending the excursion with carousel ride, perfect!
