Nice view!Put on some jazz music and enjoy the view with a special someone. :)
Nice park, not pretentious and not overwhelming. I like to walk in the mornings and see people running around and walking their dogs. Nice to contemplate the sea and the birds. Not so much to sit there as there is so much noise currently due to the heavy construction ongoing nearby. It is a pleasant venue, I guess when not crowded for the games (I avoid those occasions:).
This is a small strip of land that doesn't have much other than Giants trivia & a Willie McCovey statue. This place should be called McCovey Park, as there's not much to see here other than the statue.Located near the Giants parking lot A, this isolated park does have great views of AT&T Park, the Bay Bridge, and the San Francisco Bay. Fans congregate here before games, but this area doesn't have too many people on non-game days other than the occasional runner with a pet or someone perhaps practicing Tai-chi.
Wide open spaces for the dog to run and sick ocean views. On behalf of China Basin Park, let me say, "F--k the haters."
Its a nice location to ride your bike and go for a run.  Its more of a residential, small restaurant and business/university environment, except when its game day.  Then expect a field of orange and black surround all the streets.  Don't even try driving through here then either, or you'll be stuck forever and ever.  It is a up and coming district for San Francisco.  More condos, shops and restaurants are on the way, including plans to build a central park.  So it will be very happening soon, and tons of traffic.  And its all on landfill too, so hope it can hold all the weight, should be interesting.   Visit now and come back in 2015.  You'll be sure to see a before and after.
This an ok spot to walk your dog if you live in the neighborhood and need to mix things up a bit.  It has a nice view of the ball park but can get really windy.  The pup and I make it one of the stops on our walk around the hood rather than an actual destination.   FYI, the drawbridge over Mission Creek is pretty loud so your dog might get a bit scared on the trip here.  If you've got kids there is a great t-ball park here that I've never seen anyone use.
I love this little beautiful park near the ballpark... I come here all the time to sit and get some sun.. There is a clean bathroom in the park..
It's teeny tiny, with one line of trees. But come here for the view. AT&T Park is a stone's throw away, then it's the Bay Bridge, then the Bay. It's quite a view! Quite a few people jog here, and I've seen dog owners play catch with their dogs. So it' useable.. but yeah, come here for the view. I'm lucky enough to work close by so this is my lunch spot :)
It's a more secluded strip of grass elevated off the sidewalk.  I take my dog there for some off-leash play.  There's less car traffic around and half of it is surrounded by water...probably the next best thing to a gated park.  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 starts is that when the wind is blowing, you can smell the porta-potties across the street and you have to watch where you step to avoid the poo mines.
This is my go-to Giants pre-game spot where I'm able drink, relax, and enjoy the amazing views of the bay and ballpark with friends.  I highly recommend hitting up this strip of grass and get your buzz on before watching the Giants lose!
great view of the ball park and bay bridge.
Thanks to Garrett for leading me over here. I have an issue with the park only in that the grass lately has been getting destroyed in one particular place because of a dog walker who brings his herd of dogs to that same exact area on the long strip of grass a couple of times a day. I've been jogging and taking my dog there for over 2 years now and only recently have noticed that the grass is taking a real beating. I actually really enjoy this park, the view at sunset is gorgeous as it bounces light off the houses in Oakland Hills and the water is full of seals and birds to watch. The Chuck-It can really make those balls fly without ever running out of grass, except for the worn out part where the grass is dug up, thrown around, and gone. I'd love for someone who works for this park to re-plant that grass and make it really lovely again.
It's nice to have this, if you are forced to be in this area for some reason.
