This is a great place to take in the wonderful views of the city. The best part is - it's free for the most part. If you want to take the elevator to the top of the actual tower when they're open, the views are even better, but that's when there's a fee. Regardless, it should be a must see when in San Francisco.There are a variety of different ways you can get up to the tower. Uber or driving is probably the easiest but there is also a huge ass hill on Filbert + Kearney you can take on that's fun, too. We chose the endless flights of stairs coming from Fisherman's Wharf. We knew it was going to be a steep climb, but damn. It was a nice day in the city with heavy, chilly winds, but halfway up, I was peeling off clothes and sweating up a storm.Along the climb, there are various places to stop and check out the water views. Your path is through a lot of greenery and you can check out some of the pricey homes along the path as well. Once you're about 3/4 of the way up, you'll hear a great deal of squawking. Apparently this is where all of the wild parrots of SF convene and take refuge in the high trees. We didn't get to see any of them, but definitely heard them.I love coming up here. If you're not driving, I'd recommend the stairs and then taking the hill down. It's a lot easier!
Everywhere you walk around SF, you will see this tall building sitting on the hill and you just wonder what it's like to just go to the top and view the whole Bay area. Trust me, it's gorgeous. (see video & pictures below). Come here only if the sky is clear and the sun is out. If not, it won't be worth it to visit here. The cost to ride up the elevator is $8/person for adults & if this is your first time to SF, then this is the place to visit. It's one of those "you'll be satisfied just visiting this place once. Once is enough." But even at the ground level, you still get a good glimpse of the city so you'll be happy either way. When you get to the top, please be careful entering and exiting the elevator and up the stairs. It's a little steep (37 steps total after the elevator). The windows are open so visit each one to see each part of SF. But be careful NOT to drop your camera or phone when you take the pictures/videos. It's a high & far drop. But breathtaking view if the skies are clear. Blue skies & sunny weather? Then come here and pay the $8 for the elevator ride. Mentioned before, this is the place to visit at least once if you are visiting SF.
I've visited San Francisco numerous times but never took the opportunity to check out the Coit Tower until recently. It's a tourist hot spot and offers a great view of the city. For $8 you can ride up the elevator where you'll have a breathtaking  360 view of San Francisco.I went on a Saturday around 3 and the wait was around 30 minutes to ride up the elevator (only 1 elevator that held up to 9 people). Unfortunately, there are no alternative stairs to get you to the top but there are painted historical murals that will keep you entertained while you wait in line.If you're visiting the city I would definitely put Coit Tower on your list. If you decide not to take the elevator ride up, the view upon arrival of the tower is still worth the visit.
A must see site but not one of my favorites. Free to see, but cost money to go up the tower. Free parking, but limited space.Can be empty or crowded. Depends on your luck.Decent views during the day and at night. The view from Twin Peaks is so much nicer. Too much brush that covers the skyline.
This was on the top of my bookmark list!  I've seen this Landmark EVERY time I have visited San Francisco, but I never knew that you could go inside, ride up an elevator, climb a few stairs and have an amazing view of the city!  That's why Yelp is so wonderful. .. I have learned so much from reading reviews and meeting Yelpers in real life!Using a GPS, Yuri and I wound through the back roads of San Francisco, to the top of Telegraph Hill, where there was a circular parking area with Free parking!  A very tall statue of Christopher Columbus greeted us as we snapped photos of the city below.  We entered the 210 feet tall building and paid an $8 admission fee ($5 for seniors and youths). We waited for our turn to board the old fashioned elevator, operated by a volunteer.  After taking more photos of the 360 degree view of San Francisco, we rode the elevator back down and looked at the awesome wall murals on the Ground Floor.  We found out that in an effort to beautify the city, Lillie Hitchcock Coit funded this fabulous memorial which was built in 1933.It was a really cool experience, and I wouldn't mind touring this Historical Landmark again!
I think this has been my prettiest experience discovering something in SF so far. I was not expecting so many steps and different paths to go to the tower (including by car, which I don't suggest unless you are lacking time). It was a fantastic sunny day with my ex colleague and her husband and we could see butterflies, the famous wild parrots, beautiful flowers blooming, the sea from above, the narrow streets, a well maintained 'jungle'...and finally the tower! We were surprised to find out that the statue does not correspond to Coit (whoever he/she was) but with Columbus! Still we paid and wait long line to go to the top and, honestly, that part was the less recommendable. You can see nice views without having to pay. Yes, you will see a 360 view of the city but the price you will pay is too high to finally have to share the small space at the top of the tower with so many people. Go in a sunny, pretty day, you won't regret. Again, the best of all this is to climb all those stairs!
What a climb, but what a view. This is one of the great spots in SF for getting way up and seeing everything all around. The monument itself is 210 feet tall and dates back to 1933 when it was built to beautify the city. The tower sits at the top of Telegraph Hill, the naming of which dates back to the days before radio when someone used to be up here to signal with a structure the nature of the ships entering the Golden Gate Harbor.Well worth the visit, but consider just taking an Uber to the top rather than climbing like a certain Yelper you know.
This is always worth a stop when visiting San Francisco.  The views are stunning and getting there is half the fun.  If you are in decent shape don't drive there but walk. The surrounding neighborhoods are neat and the hike up the streets is a fun workout.
I don't know how everyone else feels about Lombard Street in San Francisco, but I tell you what, from it starting from the Presidio (and being a part of US 101) to the hills and the curves between Hyde and Leavenworth to the fact it dead ends into the Coit Tower, I would say it is a popular street.I always wondered what that phallic looking tower resting on a hill, what it was, and how to get there.  When I was going to Tower Laundromat, I saw signs, and then I did more research.  I made it a point to make it today, to see what all it had to offer.  I woke up at noon, and then the person I report to in town, told me I needed to come back to work for a few.  I was kind of pissed, as I was hoping my day wasn't going to get screwed.Believe it or not, I was able to cross the Bay Bridge twice on a Friday afternoon easier than it was to cross at 0500 today.  I went straight for the tower.I followed the signs, and noticed you could park and walk up (which looks like you get great exercise and great views), take the bus (it looks like a bus "39" takes you up to the front door, believe it or not!), or park up at the top.  I decided to drive up the hills and see where it took me.On the drive, it was great seeing the houses lined up.  I could tell this was old money and these shanties were NOT cheap.  The drive itself was whimsical.   Upon seeing the map view via Google, I noticed parking was limited.  When I got up there, I saw there was a sign to wait until there is a spot.  Thankfully, that was not the case.  I was able to get a spot on a Friday afternoon, no issues!Before even entering, you can just walk around.  It is peaceful, and you have great views.  When you are ready to enter the building, you are greeted by friendly employees (who wear blue shirts, FYI).  Inside, there are a bunch of murals (do not touch!) while you can wait in line.  But thankfully, I think the rest of SF was fighting rush hour traffic, while I got to take advantage of that.  There were maybe 30 people around.I took a quick glance at the murals, then found the "ticket booth" (which is also the gift shop cashier).  It cost $8, and he stamped my hand.  I proceeded to the elevator, and I was whisked right up.  The elevator itself is 82 years old, but slightly modified.  The guy manning it said to not touch anything, or they need to call the elevator company to get you out.  So do not touch anything when going up and down, especially if you are claustrophobic!  The view up top is spectacular, getting 360 degree views of the whole city.  While looking down, you can see how the hills are shaped and such and puts things into perspective.  They have plexiglass on most of the "holes" but they have a few open for your viewing pleasure.  It makes sense when you get up there.  After viewing all of the "windows" it is time to go down.  There was an employee offering to take pics, so I told him what the hell, why not (another profile pic for Yelp!).  I told him I was from Denver, and he was very friendly.The ride back down was minimal, and ended up in the gift shop.  I stocked up on a few things (great postcards and such here!), and walked back around.  I saw there was a bathroom inside, and went in.  I loved how it was original, and you could tell it was true to Art Deco.In places like NY or Chicago, you are easily paying double digits to get access for a view.  This place is unique, loaded with history, and has a great "forest" feel to it. Learning about Lillie Hitchcock Coit is awesome too (the one who the tower is named for). This is probably one of my favorite viewing towers/decks I have ever visited anywhere in the world.  Not to be missed!
It's pretty cool to get all the way up here to see the view.  The tower itself is cool as well, great murals inside that are worth checking out.We did not wait in line and pay the admission fee to go up to the top of the tower, however. The best part of coming up here was the walk up the steps (we took Filbert Steps) and the gardens on the way, if you ask me.
We didn't make it on time to go in the tower but just being in there parking loop was amazing. You could see one of the bridges from the street, it was still amazing. Beautiful city
Take the walk to cove tower and experience the steep San Francisco streets. Well worth it.The view from the top is okay. I didn't actually go to the top of the tower since none of my friends wanted to go. Next time thought I would go to the top. The wait was not bad and the price was cheap.But it's a nice walk up to the tower. Gets your steps in!
Coit Tower was completed in 1933, it's shaped like a tall smoke stack or lighthouse, and it's situated on the very top of scenic Telegraph Hill. I never even heard of this landmark when I arrived in San Francisco.  Once I entered the tower, there were some simple but beautifully painted historic paintings of San Francisco life back in the Great Depression which were displayed on the walls. Inside, it was quite dim and I believe the lighting used in the buildings was original, but there was an area with big French style windows that brought in some natural lighting. Washrooms were also available on the main floor.In order to go to the top of the tower, you will need to take an elevator. It was an old small elevator take takes about 10 passengers. A Coit Tower staff controlled the elevator and it took about one minute to the top. Once I got off the elevator, I still had to take some stairs to get to the very top, so this attraction isn't wheelchair friendly, but it only took about 10 seconds of stair climbing to get the viewing platform. The views from the top were absolutely amazing, especially on a sunny day with blue skies! I had a 360 degree view of ocean and Downtown San Francisco. It didn't feel stuffy at all as the roof was opened, so there was plenty of fresh air. Although there were plenty of glass windows, not every window could be opened, so there were some lineups to use the windows that could be opened, which are great for taking photos! On the same day, while walking through the Fisherman's Wharf, I noticed the Blue Angels F-18s were performing and it flew about the same height as the Coit Tower, so it would be awesome to watch fighter jets performances on top of the tower too!If you're new to San Francisco, Coit Tower is a must!
Came here on Christmas Eve 2015... amazing view BTW! Had no intent on coming here but getting lost will help you find the best spots!   Been living in the Bay all my life and have seen this tower a million times but never have ever been up to see the view! If you are this same type of person GPS it and roll up night! Super chill people out laughing,  Bob Marley playing and the faint smell of Dro made me feel some type of way! Great panoramic view from the Bay bridge to Ghirardelli square and beyond!
How have I managed to live in the San Francisco bay area my whole life and only saw this place for the first time a few months ago?  I was going for a joy ride with my brother (rare this sort of thing happens these days but I picked up another 50mpg VW tdi and my brother was eager to take it for a spin). Up the hill we went and although there are many views in SF this one seemed particularly breathtaking. I'm not sure why? Perhaps the proximity to the bride? Its a beautiful landmark and photo opportunity. There are lots of tourists so if you speak a second language it can be a good excuse for you to practice.
Built in 1933 with money left by Lille Hancock Coit to beautify the city after her death (in 1929), Coit Tower is a wonderful way to enjoy those great views of San Francisco.Although I've been here numerous times over the years, I was really glad to finally see those panoramic views with my family on our recent visit here. Since it's usually crowded, we were ready for a significant walk (it's difficult finding a parking spot near the tower) and a long wait to get into the tower. Once inside, the views are amazing!For some beautiful views of San Francisco during your visit of the city, Coit Tower is a must!
I came here with my two kids on a Saturday afternoon during the summer - BIG MISTAKE. There were SO MANY PEOPLE. Unfortunately, we didn't go to the top because there was too long a line. We were able to "sneak in" and see the beautiful murals though. I really enjoyed the majestic views of the bay too. RECOMMENDATION: THE PARK RANGER RECOMMENDED GETTING THERE WHEN IT OPENS AT 10am.WARNING: THERE IS ONLY ONE BATHROOM. You've been warned.COIT TOWER DETAILSHours10am-6pm May through October and 10am-5pm November through April.Holiday closuresThanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, New Year's DayFrom the website:Coit Tower, a slender white concrete column rising from the top of Telegraph Hill, has been an emblem of San Francisco's skyline since its completion in 1933, a welcoming beacon to visitors and residents alike. Its observation deck, reached by elevator (tickets can be purchased in the gift shop), provides 360-degree views of the city and bay, including the Golden Gate and Bay bridges.The simple fluted tower is named for Lillie Hitchcock Coit, a wealthy eccentric and patron of the city's firefighters. Coit died in 1929, leaving a substantial bequest "for the purpose of adding to the beauty of the city I have always loved." The funds were used to build both the tower and a monument to Coit's beloved volunteer firefighters, in nearby Washington Square. The tower was designed by the firm of Arthur Brown, Jr., architect of San Francisco's City Hall. Contrary to popular belief, Coit Tower was not designed to resemble a firehose nozzle.The murals inside the tower's base were painted in 1934 by a group of artists employed by the Public Works of Art Project, a precursor to the Works Progress Administration (WPA), and depict life in California during the Depression. When violence broke out during the 1934 longshoremen's strike, controversy over the radical content in some of the panels became quite heated. Some of the most controversial elements were painted over, and the tower was padlocked for several months before the frescoes were finally opened to the public in the fall of 1934.Telegraph Hill takes its name from a semaphore telegraph erected on its summit in 1850 to alert residents to the arrival of ships. Pioneer Park, which surrounds Coit Tower, was established in 1876 on the former site of the telegraph station. As you wander the trails that wind around the tower and down the hill, you may hear the raucous chatter of the neighborhood's most famous (and noisiest) residents, the flock of parrots featured in the 2005 film "The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill."
From down at the bottom of the hill, I looked up and thought, man. How many stairs are we talking about to reach the top of coit tower? So what felt like roughly 200 to 300 steps of stairs later, we made it. Entering coit tower, we were greeted very friendly by two staff members who instructed us where we would by our tickets at $8USD. The bottom of the coit tower was decorated with paintings that were behind a rail so that people couldn't touch it. No one was lining up when we bought our tickets and we were able to take the elevator without waiting. Going up, we had to take a few more stairs after the elevator before we reached the top which had many windows, each with a different viewof San Francisco (the downtown city, the Bay Bridge, the Golden Gate Bridge). When we went, there was plenty of space for us to view everything and the sun was just coming out after the morning fog slash clouds.At the bottom of the coit tower, where you bought the tickets, there is a mini souvenir shop where you can purchase cute little cards, books, magnets and other merchandise. It took a while to pay because people were lining up on the other side to buy tickets and go up the elevator.
It's a tough walk/climb, but has beautiful views that I would say makes it worth the hike. Murals fill the inside and Christopher Columbus greets you in the parking lot. (Which I might add, might be completely irrelevant to the tower, but I'm no history expert, it was Columbus Day when we visited) The lines were too long for my husband and I to be able to go to the top, but just walking around the tower and getting different views and angles of the bay and piers were amazing enough for us.I'm not going to lie, the tower itself isn't as impressive as say other tourist sites, but the houses, gardens, and stairways leading to and from the tower were interesting. There were many places to sit and take in all the nature around it, and if I were in better shape I'd definitely come again! haha
Coit Tower seems to be one of our last stops when we come to visit San Francisco. It is just such an Amazing view of the city. If you're lucky to catch it before the crowd comes, it's even more beautiful, in the sense that it's very peaceful up there. We usually park in the street down below and take a "little" hike up the hill & climb the steps to lead to the base of the tower. There's great photo ops up there & an awesome view of the Golden Gate. May have to make it a tradition to stop here on our way out of town every visit!:)
Great views of San Francisco, completely free of charge.This is worth a visit for anyone in the area. It's relatively easy to get to by car, it has free parking (which is pretty tough to find at other places in the city) and if you just want to see the views, you don't have to pay a dime. If you actually want to go up in the tower, there's a fee, but I think most people will agree with me that it's not really necessary.
We went around 10am on Saturday and there was no line and it wasn't crowded so we had a lot of room and space on the top of coit tower to take nice pictures and really enjoy the view.It's only $8 for adults to go to the top and you get a really beautiful and unique view of San Francisco which is impossible to get anywhere else (besides a helicopter). The staff there is really friendly and know the answer to almost any question you have about this beautiful history rich tower.I'd recommend this attraction to locals and tourists.
Coit Tower is one of the must stops for tourists.  The beautiful construction and architecture is seen from all around the city.  Built on top of one of the hills, the views of San Francisco are breathtaking.  The tower is made to look like the end of a fire hose.  The lady whom left the money to the city for this tower was saved at a young age by firefighters.  Hence the fire hose.  There are elevator rides to the top of the tower for an even more gorgeous view.  We arrived a little late in the day so there was about an hour wait.  Hopefully next time I will get there early enough to go to the top.  It is a sight to see for locals and visitors.  Enjoy the view!
Saturday, 1:00 PM.We had some friends visiting from abroad and Coit Tower was on their list. Quickie:+ Organized+ Customer service* CleanlinessAnd then...?The walk from the East, up the hill, was part of the fun. We took a quick tour of the premise, checked out the art mural. We were in line for 15 minutes before catching the elevator to the top of the tower. Coit Tower is cool but be sure to plan other activities before/after the visit.
I recommend going first thing in the morning.  We arrived at 10am and was able to get parking at the tower which is very limited.  There was a small line waiting to pay to go up the tower.  The tower was not packed at the top which was nice cause we could move around comfortable I would not like it if was packed. The space at the top is small but the view is worth it!  I would recommend visiting.
This historical landmark cracks me up, but I'll get to that later. Coit Tower is rarely packed because it's not directly accessible via public transportation. You still need to do some walking and climbing stairs to reach the tower. Once browsing the murals inside the building, you reach the top of the tower by an elevator regulated by two people -- the tour guide who talks about Coit Tower history and lets people onto the elevator, and the other guy operating the elevator who makes lame small talk with all the tourists.The views of San Francisco from the top of the tower are beautiful. One of the tour guides carefully warns visitors not to jump out of the open windows (thank you) and once you're done making your rounds, you can return down the elevator. My trip to Coit Tower was quite curious because my friend and I just got onto the elevator without having to show any proof of purchase. Then we realized that we were supposed to pay $8.00 to gain access to the elevator at all. HAHH OH WELL. There's also a gift shop that you can wander around before continuing on your adventure through San Francisco. Coit Tower is a pretty brief stop but quite an enjoyable and relaxing one, especially on clear San Francisco days.
Pros:- Courtesy plastic umbrella bags are offered at the entrance to help keep the floors dry and slip-free.- This site is not conducive to the use of selfie sticks.- Staff is friendly.- Price ($8) is reasonable.- Restroom is available onsite.- There are indoor benches for those wishing to have a seat.Cons:- If you tend to be claustrophobic, the elevator ride up is cozy, as the maximum number of riders who will fit are squeezed in. I'd say the ride up is no more than 30 seconds.Notes: - Credit card is an accepted form of payment. - The only way up is by elevator.- Once you step out from your elevator ride up, there are approximately 40 steps to climb via a spiral staircase before reaching the top.- The transit 39 bus will take you right to the entrance.- Parking is at a premium.- On a rainy day, you will not need an umbrella to take in the views from the top of the tower, as the lookout areas are covered. Your camera will be safe.- Worth visiting atleast once.
The fire hose nozzle named after Lillian Coit is now lighten Blue and Gold!Looks great at night and fit accordingly to the current Golden State Warrior's championship run. LOVE IT!
The bf and I went yesterday after checking out pier 39 and the Bay aquarium. As we were driving, I pointed out the tower to him as you can see it prominently and he didn't know what it was. Though he is the native, he hates driving in the city.We went in the early afternoon on a Monday so thankfully, we didn't get a large crowd. The road up was a bit windy and quite steep. Warmer months probably have a lot more pedestrians. Since we were tired from earlier activities and it is January, we didn't trek the steps to find the parrots. SF is steep and I think those steps are a vertical climb.We were able to find parking at the top and going into the tower, waiting at the ticket line, and waiting at the elevator were not that bad. about 5 min wait time each. If you spend the time looking at all the murals and reading about each one, it passes by quickly. $8 felt steep to get to just the top but when we got to the elevator and you can see how old inside walls of the elevator as it goes up, this thing needs a lot of upkeep to keep looking like the warm mural base.Speaking of that elevator. It is so tiny and cannot keep up with the amount of people that pass through it. Same with the hallway at the top after you get off the elevator and go up some spiraled steps to the very top. DO NOT recommend for people who cannot handle breaches in personal space, small cramped areas, etc.  The view at the top was gorgeous. The crisp cold air with the clear sky and slightly setting sun was just jaw dropping, no-filter, gorgeous. Pier 39 has views of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate but this was a whole new level. It wiped the floor on the bf too, who had never been up here. We could see Oakland on the other side of the water, rush hour traffic toward San Mateo and Palo Alto, and feel the enormity of the bay area. The gift shop is tiny and a bit run-of-the made in China. They had books about the person who bequeathed the money and of Telegraph hill from the local historical society which piqued my interest.The trip was short. Not something to plan the whole day around but a nice tourist pit stop before or after Alcatraz, Pier 39, golden gate, tourist jazz.
The view from the top of the tower is breathtaking! It is currently $8 per person to take the elevator to the top. We visited on a Friday afternoon and there was a 20-30 minute wait to ride to the top after purchasing tickets. They have a nice little gift shop and murals all over the walls on the ground floor where you enter. It is Definitely worth going to see the views of San Francisco. I really enjoyed it.
Fun and iconic place to visit while in SF. You'll get stunning views from all around the tower!! The grounds and the first floor of Coit Tower is completely free for you to roam around and take pictures. It costs $8 per adult to ride to the top. I think this is a reasonable price and I'd highly recommend taking the ride up. You get stunning views and will have great photo ops here!Parking here is difficult, but you will probably be able to find parking within a couple of blocks from the tower and just walk over!I'd highly recommend visiting Coit Tower and block out at least one hour of your day to come here!Cheers!
Coit Tower aka the Lillian Coit Memorial tower was built in 1933 following Lillie Coit's death.  At her bequest, she gave a third of her fortune to the city of San Francisco for civic beautification.  This is one of the monuments built in her honor.  It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as of 2008.  It sort of looks like the nozzle of a fire hose, which is appropriate since Lillie Coit had an affinity for firefighters. Sean C. and I took the 600 Filbert steps from the Levi campus up to Coit Tower.  It was a workout as we ascended.  We took a few short breaks in between but we made it to the top! The views of San Francisco from the tower are breathtaking and we did it on a day when it was clear.  It costs $8 per person to take the tiny elevator up to the top of the tower but it is a reasonable price to pay for the upkeep of the monument.  Keep backpacks on the front of your body as to not damage the murals or accidentally hit someone behind you as requested by the staff.  There's a statue of Christopher Columbus out in the parking lot which I thought was strange because Columbus never visited North America, let alone California.  We enjoyed the 360 degree views of the city and made our decent.  There's a small park outside of the tower and it has plenty of benches for resting, reading, or just enjoying the outdoors.There's a Coit Tower MUNI (39) bus that will drive you up from Fisherman's Wharf & North Beach, which we weren't aware of, but we took it down the hill because we were tired from our workout.  It's only $2.25 for bus fare or if you had a MUNI Passport, it was included.  We ended up in Fisherman's Wharf and took a separate bus back to Union Square.
We got to see Coit Tower from the top deck of our cruise ship. We toured San Francisco along the Embarcadero and strolled around Fisherman's Wharf. We just ran out of time to see the Tower. Our ship sailed at 4 so we had to see it from the ship. It was still a great view.
Explore every nearby staircase outside and definitely take the elevator to the top inside the tower to see some amazing views of San Francisco that you won't get anywhere else. Also, make sure you really take time to inspect the murals downstairs. They're super detailed and excellent.Pro-tip: If you're an SF local, you get a discount for the tower elevator.
Definitely worth climbing the hill (we went up one side and down the other, both super views, quirky and interesting and lots of fun). The frescos from the Depression era are pretty impressive, and the view, of course, is spectacular. Of course, it's packed with tourists so it's not like you can stand there and soak it in for too long (at the top of the tower, that is) but worth it. The staff is entertaining, especially the singing wonder at the elevators. They have great old postcards in the gift shop, too.I can't emphasize enough that if you can, you should walk it. It's a good workout, but so worth it and interesting stuff to see at every turn, plus magnificent views. Plus you get to watch all the poor saps stuck waiting hopelessly in cars for a parking spot. It's like Machu Picchu--if you just drive up, you are missing the whole point.SF is pretty lucky the good Mrs. Coit left the land for the creation of a park or it'd just be another high-end condo on the hill.
With an afternoon on my hands I decided to explore Chinatown and Telegraph Hill which lead me up some very steep hills to Coit Tower where I was able to get some impressive views of the bay and surrounding areas.Left to the city by Lillie Hitchcock Coit, the ground floor of the tower is adorned with many murals depicting the daily lives of those living in the Dean Francisco area in the 1930s. I was unable to confirm but they appear to be part of the Arts project that was initiated during the great depression. Even though the murals are over 90 years old, their vibrant colors still remain.Although there is an option to travel to the top of the tower and probably experience some more breathtaking views of the Bay and the city..I was unwilling to pay the price of admission.If you can I highly suggest finding Coit Tower and also suggest hoofing it up one of the many hills surrounding the Tower. You will not be disappointed.Extra pro tip...looking for something to do after enjoying the Coit Tower....then head down the back side of the tower towards the Wharf. The Filbert steps (going down) is on of San Francisco's hidden treasures.
Woo-hoo, what a walk! Got to the tower by foot,  started at Sansome Street and walked up about a gazillion steps to get to the top of Telegraph Hill. Tiring,  but worth it,  the hidden houses and views just to get to the top was amazing. Coit Tower then had great paintings all around the bottom. It was free to get in to see the wall paintings,  but cost $8/person to take the elevator to the top (13th floor) and see the views. It was definately worth it since we walked allllllll those stairs to get there.
After five years of visiting the Bay Area, I was so happy to finally have a chance to see Coit Tower! The last few times the tower has been closed for renovation and/or mural restoration. But I'm glad I visited while the murals were still fresh & bright!We were lucky to plan our visit on a beautifully clear, sunny day. The tiny parking lot up top was partially closed due to construction, and we weren't able to find a spot on top. Oh well! We parked at the base of the hill & walked up the winding footpath & stairs to get to the top. Once we caught our breath (full disclosure, Yelp), we paid the small fee to go to the top, got our hands stamped, & jumped on the elevator. Luckily for us, a January visit means no wait & no lines, so we walked right in.Once we got up, the view was BREATHTAKING! It was a bit windy, and there weren't that many people up there, so only three of the eight windows were actually open. It led to a little bit of a wait time before you could poke your head (and your camera) out, but it wasn't bad. There was plenty to see! I really loved the view of the city & the bridges & Alcatraz -- again, we were really lucky to have a clear day because we could see for miles! This would have been a great place to visit on my first trip to San Francisco, because it would have helped me get my bearings & provided a great overview (literally) of the city.Once we filled our cameras with panoramas of the Bay, we headed back down to check out the murals. I didn't expect to love them as much as I did! They were like snapshots of the time period when they were building up San Francisco, and they were a great representation of life (both work & play) in the country at that time. I gravitated toward the science murals of course -- they were really cute! And I liked how the artists incorporated the recessed windows into the designs. I can see why they spent so much time restoring the murals! They're really a treasure.Coit Tower is like two attractions in one: a sightseeing vantage point, and a museum of the abbreviated history of San Francisco / California / USA during the late 1800s - early 1900s. It's a great place to visit!
The tower is viable from much of the city.  It's not that tall, but it sits on top of a hill.It was according to my out of date guide book built with money from an eccentric and wealthy woman (Coit) who had a thing for firefighters.  The tower is shaped like the nozzle of a fire hose, so its probably true.  It's design is nice.  It's a good excuse to hike up.  On the way up I got to see a nice San Francisco neighborhood.  Once there I saw the tower, and its amazing views.The tower is nice, I timed it wrong to see inside.  Another time...Tip get a picnic in North Beach and eat it up here.  I will next time.
This is one of San Francisco's major landmarks and it definitely should be checked out once while you are in San Francisco. And when I mean once....I really mean it.It pays homage to the working man of San Francisco, which is great because it was truly an effort to make this city the shining city upon a hill(s) that it is now. With that being said, here was my main problem with the landmark. It was too small for the amount of people that visit it. Literally, you wait in line for approximately and hour just to visit a space in the air for a duration of 1/10 of the wait time. This is because the tower is very small. When you do get up there, the 360 view of the city is phenomenal. So you definitely need to see it once. After you do so, it's not worth your time to see it again....unless you like waiting in long lines (in which case I would recommend visiting Disneyland).
Another opportunity to get a 360' view of the city.. yes please! We parked about a 1/2 mile down and walked up Lombard St. to get a good work out for our calves and to get a close up view of the houses that line the street. We arrived at around 10:30 on a Sunday and it was already getting crowded so we skipped the murals and paid our 8$ to ride the elevator. It was about a 30 min wait and that is when you can get an up close view of the colorful murals. Once at the top! Yay! What a view.. some of the windows are open so you can squeeze out for better view and to feel that fresh ocean air on your face. It can get a bit crowded up there so bring your patience. There is always someone to take your pic and why not be friendly and offer to take one for someone else. I went to each open window and stared out to soak up all the wonder. What a great place to take some pictures.Back down at the lobby there are some neat items to take home as a souvenir.
I would definitely recommend climbing the hill to get to Coit Tower. The views are amazing and it feels surreal to be surrounded by so many beautiful and exotic looking flowers in the middle of SF. Unfortunately, we didn't encounter any of the famous parrots on our walk up.  I went with a friend during lunch hour on a weekday, so the crowds weren't too bad. We reached the top of the hill and were able to picnic at one of the many benches with a view. The  inside of the tower is very nice as well. The first floor is covered in various murals, so take the time to look around and enjoy the artwork. The trip to the top is a $7 elevator ride and well worth the cost. The views from the top of Coit Tower are incredible. We came on a clear day, so all of San Francisco was visible. There are windows at the top of the tower, with two or three windows open so you can get a great shot of the city.
Gorgeous views of SF can be seen at the top. However, if you don't want to do that you can still get great views around the tower! All sorts of places to explore while at Coit tower, like all the random stairs that lead to other pretty angles of SF. The only thing I hate is looking for parking, but what else is new: it's SF and a tourist attraction.
Can't believe I have never been here in all the years of living in the Bay area!The family decided to do the tourist thing and was so happy that we came. For $8 you can take an elevator to the top and get a birds eye view of the Bay! If you opt out, you can still walk around downstairs and read up on fun facts as to how Coit tower even came about. This place is a must must must!
Overrated place. Very busy during day and night. It's very hard to find a parking place around. But the fancy auto cleaning restroom downstairs is very interesting.
"Coit Tower, a slender white concrete column rising from the top of Telegraph Hill, has been an emblem of San Francisco's skyline since its completion in 1933, a welcoming beacon to visitors and residents alike. Its observation deck, reached by elevator (tickets can be purchased in the gift shop), provides 360-degree views of the city and bay, including the Golden Gate and Bay bridges.The simple fluted tower is named for Lillie Hitchcock Coit, a wealthy eccentric and patron of the city's firefighters. Coit died in 1929, leaving a substantial bequest "for the purpose of adding to the beauty of the city I have always loved." The funds were used to build both the tower and a monument to Coit's beloved volunteer firefighters, in nearby Washington Square. The tower was designed by the firm of Arthur Brown, Jr., architect of San Francisco's City Hall. Contrary to popular belief, Coit Tower was not designed to resemble a firehose nozzle.The murals inside the tower's base were painted in 1934 by a group of artists employed by the Public Works of Art Project, a precursor to the Works Progress Administration (WPA), and depict life in California during the Depression. When violence broke out during the 1934 longshoremen's strike, controversy over the radical content in some of the panels became quite heated. Some of the most controversial elements were painted over, and the tower was padlocked for several months before the frescoes were finally opened to the public in the fall of 1934.Telegraph Hill takes its name from a semaphore telegraph erected on its summit in 1850 to alert residents to the arrival of ships. Pioneer Park, which surrounds Coit Tower, was established in 1876 on the former site of the telegraph station. As you wander the trails that wind around the tower and down the hill, you may hear the raucous chatter of the neighborhood's most famous (and noisiest) residents, the flock of parrots featured in the 2005 film "The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill."(SFRECPARK.ORG)The two of us paid the $8.00 non-resident fees to take the elevator to the top. It was very busy when we arrived around 11am on a Sunday morning. We admired the murals on the walls as we waited in line for the elevator.The views are extraordinary, and this is something I highly recommend that everybody visiting/living here should do at least once. You have some of the greatest views here. They even had some of the windows open to allow for better photographs. Just beautiful.
This is a very embarrassing review because I've been living in the Bay Area for the past 28 years and this is probably my third time visiting the Coit Tower in SF.  The first time was probably when I was about 13 years old and the second time was probably about 10+ years ago or so and I honestly can not recall either of those experiences at all.So, when my friend, Ryan, told me that he was open to any tourist spot in SF...I was more than happy to take him to Coit Tower, which he's never been to either.  I felt like a tourist as well because I didn't even know you can actually go inside the tower and look at the whole city of SF.  Unfortunately, since they closed at 6 PM and it was already 6:30 when we showed up, we didn't have that opportunity.It was still a beautiful sight from just standing outside.  The weather was as close to being perfect as it possibly could for SF since it's always cold.  The drive back down was even more beautiful as you can see the full view of the ocean.  How did I ever live here for 28 years and not visit this spot as an adult?  What a shame to have waited so many years.  I guess I should thank Ryan for visiting Cali so I can rediscover the beauty of my own backyard.
Coit Tower is a great place to get some killer views of San Francisco. My hubby & I came on a Thursday right before sunset and we were able to buy our tickets at the gift shop and made our way over to the elevator without any lines. As others have noted, it's $8/per person for nonresidents($6 for residents) in order to take the elevator to the top of the tower with seniors/children at reduced rates(free if 4 and under). The views alone make this worth a trip, however, our experience might have been made better as there weren't many people. Had there been lines/large groups of people, I'm sure it wouldn't have been as enjoyable of an experience. I'm glad we were able to see the views, however, I'd say seeing it once is more than enough. **They accept plastic**
Another one of the landmarks that are probably pretty much an obligatory visit. Why? Just because.  It's another iconic San Francisco landmark that any typical tourist should visit just to check it off the list.  So when I started walking the city streets (and hills) of fog city, that's exactly what I did.Depending on how you choose to get here, chances are you'll be trekking up some serious hills or stairs...or both if walking.  Not a big deal if you're in shape but if you're doing the Greenwich Street stairs from Montgomery, just be prepared to break a sweat regardless of how cold it is.Anyway, the tower itself is beautiful and is ideally situated atop a great lookout point for great views of the city.  Inside is a nice little museum-ish style building with information and overpriced elevator rides up to the top of the tower.  unfortunately I was short on time and on a Sunday mid-day the line for the elevator was ridiculously long and I didn't want to waste the time or money just for the view. I'm sure it is quite the view, however.Again, this is pretty much an obligatory visit for any tourist.  I wouldn't say it is obligatory to pay the fee for the elevator ride and go up to the top but at leas get up close and personal with the tower just for the sake of seeing a San Francisco city icon.  Besides, the surrounding area is actually quite nice and provides some pretty refreshing views that's worthy of any good walkabout.
Easily the best spot for a panoramic picture of the city. The views here are fantastic, and well worth the $8 admission. Our wait time was a reasonable 10 minutes or so. Once we reached the top, about half the windows were open...I'm not sure why some of them were closed. It was quite breezy, so be prepared if you come during the colder months. But during my September visit, the cool air was welcome after having just climbed the Filbert steps on our way here.Overall, a must-visit attraction that, although brief, won't break the bank and will give you fantastic pictures.
Awesome! Loved it. Soooo glad we got up early to check it out. Luckily we got there around 9:30 (didn't even know they opened at 10). We found parking right away. Had to wait a little bit but we were in the first elevator up after we bought our tickets. (Only $8 for adults) The view was spectacular. The sky was particularly clear so we really did luck out. The gift shop had lots of great souvenirs, and the mural inside were beautiful. Everyone that was working was super friendly. Overall great experience. 10/10.
Such a great view!! The staff was super friendly and outgoing. They all had excellent customer service. It's only $8 for the elevator ride up and there is a decent wait time, but it's so worth it. If your in San Francisco you need to check this out.
Went at daytime, parked at the bottom of the hill then climbed up to see a gorgeous and spectacular view of San Frans. Workout and then chill top-hill.We were unfortunate to get inside the tower,what a bummer! I Think it will be a perfect spot for a romantic picnic!Four Yelps!
I've been here before (drove, parked) but only saw the lobby because either the line to go to the top seemed super long, expensive, didn't have time or the rest of my group wasn't interested. This time around, especially after climbing all those Filbert Steps, was determined to see what it was all about. The cost to ride the elevator is $8 for adults -- I paid with a $10 bill and got a crispy $2 bill back as change! Don't see those too often! The line wasn't too bad, and we weren't too close to the cutoff time for the last tour of the day. The murals are really something to look at while you're in line -- a lot of history and local flavor. When it's time to ride, it is really a super small 1930's still-functional elevator so it's totally limited by that -- how many people can safely fit at a time, as well as the capacity for people at the observation deck. The elevator goes so far, then the last part you walk up some stairs/steps to get to the very top. It really is open-air (no roof), and the windows do have glass but can be opened if you so choose to feel the breeze. Spectacular 360 degree views of the city, the bay, and the bridges (which you already got a tease of at the bottom of Coit Tower). I don't think they're open late enough for sunset views, but definitely worth it!
360 degree views of the city on a clear winters day: what more could a girl ask for?  We climbed up to the base via the Filbert stairs, thereby avoiding the potential nightmare of the Coit tower parking lot.  As previous Yelpers have mentioned, even walking around the base offered some fine views, but we were determined to get to the top.The line for the elevator was a bit on the long side, with a wait time of about 25 min because elevator can only take about 10 people each time.  On the plus side, that gave us some time to check out the beautiful and detailed murals depicting Californian life during the Great Depression, complete with placards displaying helpful historical tidbits.We got on the elevator with a guide, learned a bit of the history surrounding the tower, and climbed up two more flights to the viewing platform.Wow.  Golden gate, bay bridge, financial district, churches, Alcatraz, the land, the sea... you can see everything.  If you don't suffer from vertigo, some of the windows are not locked and you can lean out to peak over the side of the tower.  In short, the views were absolutely amazing, and I had a very fun time walking the full circle at the topHighly recommend coming for a beautiful view of one of the best cities in the world (in my slightly biased opinion).
All cities need to be viewed from their highest points. Coit Tower is a excellent spot to see San Francisco. It was a bit hazy for us today but there have been some very foggy days recently too. If you have the luxury of time pick your day. We had a baby in a pram so instead of taking the sensible option of the number 39 bus which takes you to the top, we caught a 45 bus and walked to Filbert steps. The walk up the hill is OK as there is a mix of steps and slope but not on the same side of the road. We had to carry the pram up the steps which was probably a bit much.The short walk along the road up to the tower from the top of the steps was a bit of a doddle after the Filbert stairs.A walk around the base of the tower was interesting with bird life, plants and views. We had to walk around it anyway just to find out how to push the pram in.You can't take the pram in the lift but you can carry an infant (or dog ) Ours was unconscious so we took turns to go up. This worked out well as everyone else was in a group of 2 or more and it is easy to fit in the odd one person and seemingly jump the queue.Once up the top, the terrific view soon makes you forget the fact you have left the partner minding the baby below.
There are over 600 reviews of Coit Tower.  It's terrific in and of itself and for the great views and photo ops.  Getting to the tower via the cool stairways that lead through neighborhoods to the waterfront is part of the experience. Here's what's new to me at least.  Since I was last here 2 1/2 years ago, they have restored the murals on the ground floor of the tower.  they were painted by artists employed by WPA and show California at work -- in 1934.  The paintings had faded and been damaged by water over the years.  Now they are bright and wonderful.  And they're free.  The fee is to take the elevator to the top.  There's no charge to walk around the floor at the base of the Tower. Push past line and take your time looking at the murals.If you slept through your h.s. American history class and have no idea what WPA was, Wiki it.  There is a cure for ignorance. WPA should be part of Americans' shared knowledge of our country.
Very nice view of San Francisco. I love the murals. My wife and I came from the Pier and had to climb up to Coit. That was a good climb.
Great for 360 degree photo ops of the entire San Francisco Bay Area.  PROTIP:  Not for locals.
Situated on top of Telegraph Hill, this tower which is visible from many points in the city is a nice place to come and visit.  For $8, you can take an elevator to the observation deck.  However, it sways a bit and if you're terrified of heights like me, it may be a bit much to handle.  You will be treated to great views on a rare fogless day from the Golden Gate Bridge to the Bay Bridge.  If you don't want to go up the tower, in my opinion, the views are just as nice from the top of the hill.  It's best to visit in September or October for more of a chance for clear weather without the fog.
Drive up or hike up the stairs. I've only drove up before and never had issues with parking. Nice view of the bay bridge especially during night time. Although there are lots of tree in the way. I actually never realized you would have to pay to go up lol. I just circled around coit tower and had a decent view...besides you can get a much better view else in the city.
Hundreds have been written about Coit Tower, but thousands visitors and even locals never had any innocent suspicion passing by two closed door to the left side of the elevator that lift tourists straight up to the top of the tower. Coit Tower's long-hidden murals finally are revealed to us when we took the Coit Tower walking tour organized by the non-profit San Francisco City Guilds. "The second-floor murals have been largely closed off to the public," says Jon Golinger of Protect Coit Tower, an advocacy group. "Most San Franciscans and most visitors don't even know they are there." On the obvious contrary to the murals on the first floor, where working class and daily citizen lives are portrayed, those Fresco (湿壁画) painted on the both walls along the staircase spiraling up to the second floor spaces are all far more vibrant in terms of color and what it depicts as the  "high-class" celebrity and wealthier lives that aloft from the seemingly trivial and even harsh days shown downstairs. Thanks to the restoration, the secluded artworks look as if they were just put on display yesterday. Since the narrow space allows for only person to walk up and down the stairs, please take extra caution to not scratch or damage the Fresco unintentionally with your clothing or accessories, such as handbags. The size of each tour group cannot exceed 6-7 people incl. the guide. So it may be a norm that this section of the Coit Tower will continued to be cordoned off to the mass public.
My son was having sleep issues so I found myself at Coit tower at 4:30 in the morning. Surprisingly, there were a lot of cars in the lot and there was a group of youths smoking weed in the parking lot. I wasn't afraid, though because I used to do a Tai Bo aerobics video, so I know some moves.  It was beautiful sitting outside watching the sunrise over the bay.  Here's what coit tower is:  One of the most interesting and recognizable features of any city skyline ever, and also a place to get great panoramic views of the city and especially the bay.Is it worth a visit? I never thought so, but if you find yourself nearby, it's a nice place to stop for 20 minutes and take pictures. The views of the bay are breathtaking, and up close, the tower is interesting and makes for great photographs. If you ever find yourself awake in the middle of the night, go to Bob's donuts and pick up some coffee, and donuts, sit outside the tower, and enjoy the beauty. Maybe if you're lucky, some of the youths will share their "stuff". Bring donuts to share.
The best 360 view in San Fran. Loved it, well worth the hike. The Day we went the weather was beautiful and there were only a handful of people up in the tower at a time.
Let me clarify that I'm a fan of the tower itself and the view from this hill, not the parking lot or the strange self-cleaning porta potty outside of it.  That said, it is a nice view and tho we didn't get to experience the inside of the building (closed in the evening before we arrived), we did peek in the windows and the historic murals are fantastic!Good to know:*Tiny parking lot, very busy, better to park elsewhere or take transit and hike up the hill.*Shared public restroom is a glorified self-contained, self-cleaning porta potty that was out of tissue when we needed to use it.  (Guess we didn't get the memo that it was BYOP.)*Be sure to check out the view from the "back" side looking out toward the Bay Bridge--very pretty!
Had a stunning view of Coit tower while touring San Fran. Too bad, we didn't have enough time to go into the tower.
Well this is a review of the area not the actual inside of the tower since I did not go in. Well being in SF on bike decided to maximize my sights and saw the Coit Tower from the wharf so I said lets go there. Well going up the spiral hill was great seeing all the views. It took me a while to get up there since I kept stopping every few minutes to just look onto the city. Once on top it was breathtaking. Felt satisfied and in love with the city with that view. It was great and peaceful.
Ok, technically, the is a tourist spot, but it is still worth a visit. $8 to take the elevator to the top, you will get a 360 view of the Bay Bridge, SF downtown, Lambert street and a distance view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The murals in the main hall is free though. This would be a great place to take a break and enjoy your lunch in the lawn area with a great view of the Bay Bridge.
The murals are cool, and the grounds offer nice panoramic views of the city. Good photo ops. We paid the $8 per adult/$2 per kid for elevator ride to top. Eh... It's nice views, but not worth the price for the whole family. Nice to do once, probably never again.I will say, the staff was very, very polite and friendly. With all the tourists coming in and out, that is impressive they keep their positive attitudes.
Located on the top of telegraph hill, Coit Tower provides a stunning view and vantage point of much of the city.The Art Deco inspired building is painted reinforced concrete and features the works of dozens of local artists dating to the 1930's. They all depict a socialist theme, revealing the horrors of the Depression. Great historical treasure right here.The top of tower lends to a spectacular 360 degree view of SF. You can see Golden Gate Bridge, Aquatic Park, Alcatraz, Treasure Island, and the whole Financial District.
This is one of my favorite places to take friends visiting because it provides awesome view of the bay, fog permitting. You can see view of Golden Gate Bridge and Bay Bridge all from 1 vista point. You can even see cruise ships when they're in port. I recommend taking the Filbert Street steps up to Coit Tower, and then walking down to the other side which leads into North Beach/Chinatown where you can take your pick of refueling options like Mama's, Tony's Pizza, Park Tavern, or one of the many dim sum joints nearby.
You can't visit SF without taking the drive up Telegraph Hill and enjoy this very unique gift to the City of San Francisco. The top viewing area offers a 360 degree view of the City and Bay Area I've always want to watch a sunset from the top but it hasn't happened so I'm content that I've been able to come here several times and enjoy the view no matter the time of the day.Coit Tower, also known as the Lillian Coit Memorial Tower, is a 210-foot tower in theTelegraph Hill neighborhood of San Francisco. The tower, in the city's Pioneer Park, was built in 1933 using Lillie Hitchcock Coit's bequest to beautify the city of San Francisco; at her death in 1929 Coit left one-third of her estate to the city for civic beautification. The tower was proposed in 1931 as an appropriate use of Coit's gift. The art deco tower, built of unpainted reinforced concrete, with fresco murals by 27 different on-site artists and their numerous assistants, plus two additional paintings installed after creation off-site. Although an apocryphal story claims that the tower was designed to resemble a fire hose nozzle due to Coit's affinity with the San Francisco firefighters of the day, the resemblance is coincided in History. It a beautiful tribute no matter it's association.You must include this on your list of things go do.
I am usually here early morning well as a stopping point (and breath) along a circuitous run.  Just the hike can be 'breathtaking' for most depending on which direction you approach. You will certainly get an appreciation for the steep grade of the streets.Great views of the downtown and over to the Golden Gate bridge.  In fact, the hill here was a well worn location for lookouts watchful of ship entering San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean.  An interesting plaque denotes the location.
360  degrees of the beautiful city. If you drive there, have fun parking and getting through traffic. ur best bet is to park at the bottom on the other side of the coit tower, another great scenic view point too. my friends and I personally walked from Chinatown to coit tower, a good half a mile walk up hill and sweat, but at the half way point you r viewing the awesome Chinatown and Downtown area. when you get to the top you see the bridges and such. after you get to the top you take a little section of stairs and u r here. there's free wifi for all ur checkins on Facebook, Instagram and snapchat. the elevator ride up coated $8 per person I believe. really worth the trip. we went around 1ish and we waited about 10 min to take the ride up. when you go up u see the entire city in 360 degrees. there are about 4 windows for the dare Devils to stick ur cameras and phones out for pics. worth the trip up!!! when we came down there was a really long line, so plan ur trip carefully. must stop here for a quick look.
$8 admission to see a spectacular one of a kind San Francisco view... I'm in! Plus, an adorable I heart SF stamp to boot, extra bonus! You ride up in a tiny elevator that slowly creeps to the top. Once you're up there you climb a couple more windy stairs and bam, 360 views of all of SF. I love the windows that have the glass panels open so you can lean out and feel the cool ocean breeze. Just don't lean out too far with your phone.... I foresee some tragic things happening then!The employees there are so nice too! Happy to chat with you about the history of the place, or even small talk with you. Beautifully maintained building too. Looked brand new. I recommend a walk up here as well as the trip to the top.
I've been to San Francisco several times and hadn't gone to the top of Coit tower yet. Decided on a whim to go for it. My mom and I stood in line and waited for the elevator. It was a busy day (during 4th of July weekend) but the wait wasn't excessive and there are beautiful murals to see while waiting. Once you get to the top the view is breathtaking. There are many windows around the perimeter to look out of and take pictures by. They do not rush you at all, very relaxed vibe. There was an employee at the top who could answer questions about the history and also was willing to take pictures, which was really nice. Ended up being one of my favorite stops in SF and I would definitely return. It's a relaxing place that doesn't feel overwhelmed by tourists. Also very reasonable (I think it was under $10 per person).
Coit Tower is definitely a San Francisco landmark that ought to be on everyone's to do/to see list. I came on a weekday, and the wait to get to the top of the tower with a gorgeous 360 view of the city was only 20 minutes. Admission is $8 for adults, with some discounts I cannot recall for children and seniors. Parking at the base of the tower is only 30-minute parking, but I found 2-hour street parking a couple blocks away. Otherwise, the tower is on a Muni route, if you prefer public transportation. Bathrooms are in the park and in the tower.An 80-something year-old elevator complete with a metal grate door with get you to the top, so if you're claustrophobic, it maybe a little scary. Thankfully, the elevator guide was a hilarious man who put everyone at ease. The view was spectacular. The paintings on the ground floor are beautiful. The tower itself is gorgeous. Do yourself a favor, come with a camera, some patience for the lines, and visit!
A trip to the Coit Tower is fully worthwhile! Capture *awesome* 360-degree views of the city & bridges from atop! For those folks with strollers / wheelchairs, y'all may be able to get a "private" tour - therefore inquire! FYI - the price for riding the elevator to the top has increased... Last year (2013) it was $6 (cash only). Now it's $7 - credit cards also accepted. Though for residents (adults) - $5. The one downside is if you have to wait a long while. The 3-4 times I've been, I went up the elevator twice and the wait each time was less than 30 mins = not bad. Though I have heard the wait can be as long as 1.5 hrs - all dependent on tourism traffic. BTW awesome (!) workout if you head to the tower via Kearney St and then descend via the Filbert/Greenwich stairs. Or switch up the route. Excellent cardio exercise!
Finally made it to Coit tower. Decided to take the Steps on Filbert. It is a short hike but pretty. Beautiful houses and gardens.You get a good 360 view of the city. You need to pay $8 to take the elevator to 11th floor.
It's a tough walk/climb up but the view is absolutely breathtaking. There's plenty of room outside to sit and take in the beauty of nature.
