Amazing dog park with super nice people. I come to this small patch of grass a couple of times a month after work. It is big enough for dogs to run around and small enough for the owners to be fairly close to their dog. Typically you see the same crowd of dogs and their owners. They put together a wine Wednesday for owners to have a glass of wine while their dogs run around in the evenings.
I spent every weekday 6-7 pm for a year. It is the pefect size where the dogs can run, chase a ball, tumble down the hill, harass one of the two homeless people that are always there, enjoy each other. It was a vbery regular crowd, in a convenient yet quaint and pretty setting. Great fall flowers. Wine Wednesdays. A real feeling of community: you could actually leave your dogs there and the other owners would watch them run while you ran an errand, grabbed a bite, etc.  Everyone new each other, and seemed legitmately happy by the shared experience of Cole Valley, with our dogs....A real mix too, classic SF, the Cole Valley yuppies, the upper Haightsters and our four leggers.I miss you Loki and Rex!!!!! (yeah, your owners, too)
We used to go to this park everyday, but my puppy recently got attacked here, and got spooked and darted into the street, narrowly missing being hit by the N Judah train line which runs right next to this park.  The park is pretty small, and in the weekday evenings around 5:30-6 there can be as many as 15-20 dogs.  Also, there are quite a few homeless people that camp out in this park, and I've seen dogs eat puke and poop behind the park benches.  The people are really friendly here, but I'm off of crowded dog parks since my dog got attacked.  The owner of the attacking dog paid for our vet bills (our dog had a hole above his eye and had to get stiches in his ear).  We go to Buena Vista instead, and let him run in the woods.  Plus, the views are better in BV.
A beautiful, idyllic, but small dog park.  People are nice here, too.  The fact that the N-Judah comes up out of the tunnel right next to it scares me a little bit to let the dog off of the leash.  Nice place to walk, though and has a path that leads uphill into the Upper Haight.  Cute area.
I'll admit it. I get my dog fix here. I'm too irresponsible to care for a dog, but sometimes, when I need to get a few things from "Say Cheese" around the corner (like a great bottle of wine and some delicious expensive cheese), I have to go play with the dogs until the N picks me up again.
** UPDATED 08/31/2007: Regulars at the dog park have organized Wine on Wednesdays. Bring a bottle or simply a plastic cup and share in the fun around 7pm every Wednesday evening. Helps if you have a dog, but one can easily blend in with a good smile and a friendly personality.This tiny dog park behind the Cole Valley Burgermeister is the best place to introduce your pooch to their new BFF. While it is small, I've discovered that there's more than enough room for my psycho-frisky girl to tear about in circles, provoking other dogs and making a panty mess of herself.The owners are friendly, everyone says hello or strikes up dogversation. The other dogs have impeccable manners. I've never stepped in poo here.Only problem is the hidden nooks and crannies where tramps slumber down in the evenings. Sometimes nasty/harmful stuff can be found back there and for obvious reasons, the dogs are terribly interested in rooting around behind the bushes here.
My puppy loves this place. We frequently run into other dogs here, and everyone is always friendly. However there are a few homeless people that I always see on the benches boozing. I would go alone at night.
