Pluses: - great view of Golden Gate Bridge- see Fort Point, in Hitchcock's movie, Vertigo- yes it's windy there when it's hot or cold, be like a local and bring layers- you can buy a National Park pass ($80 for 1 year, at the time of this 2016 review)- safe places to watch your child wade in the water- dog friendlyOther places nearby:- Sports Basement for your outdoor gear needs (those that aren't local, this is like an REI store or Patagonia store)- House of Air (trampoline for adults and kids)- there's a bouldering place/climbing wallEnjoy the outdoors!
5 stars as a run route (7mi from ATT park)3 stars as a beach to chill on (no dog or kid)5 stars if you have a dog or toddlerI feel like a bit of a Scrooge giving the best beach in SF 4 stars but I spend a lot of time in LA and it's all relative right. First let me start by saying Crissy beach is part of my run trail. I usually start at embarcadero and then make my way thru presidio park past fort mason and then into Crissy beach to golden gate and put my hands on the hands on the fence (ask another runner how to find the hands). Let me stop here this running route is a 5!It's wide enough and there's plenty of fellow runners. And not too many bikers. There's also plenty to look at to distract you from a grueling run. Theres embarcadero, the mini beach at aquatic park across from ghirardelli, the presidio park views and then then the nice stretch of grass in btw the presidio and Crissy beach. I mean it's actually a pretty awesome run.The beach itself is ok if you go on a day with 73+degree weather. Otherwise it's too cold to hang at. Even then folks usually bring tents because of the high winds. This beach is great for dog and baby watching. There's plenty of both. It's not what you'd consider a cool beach unless your at that point in your life. That said  if you bring a crew you can make any beach cool. And this is the best beach in SF. Just don't compare it to Malibu or even Dockweiler.
Crissy Field will forever hold a special place in my heart. This is where Noah A. took a knee and put a ring on it. After a morning of strolling at the Ferry Building and also the Palace of Fine Arts, we ended our tourist attraction day at the Golden Gate Bridge. We parked at the parking lot just off the freeway exit. We lucked out because a couple was leaving and gave us their prepaid parking validation, score! We took the stairs all the way down to Crissy Field. We walked out to the pier and it was windy & cold AF! Pardon my language. Then we headed over to the grassy area where tons of people were picnicking and relaxing. Some had their dogs off the leash and it was just a really gorgeous day to be outdoors. The views of the bridge, bay, Angel Island and Alcatraz were all amazing. I highly recommend making a trip out here. As long as you're on land, the wind isn't as strong. The hike back up to the parking lot was gruesome, partly because I'm so out of shape. That's my exercise for the week!
This is a really great area that is used by a lot of people to either go for a walk or get some exercise in. While the weather in San Francisco is a little unpredictable, the view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz can be seen from pretty much anywhere on this trail. If you are planning on heading this way, make sure to either bring flip flops for the beach or be prepared for a little bit of gravel to get into your shoes as the path isn't cement but gravel. Good place for those visiting out of town to come see a few San Francisco sites!
Since almost half of my last hundred reviews took place in Japan, it seems appropriate to come back home for my 3,300th review. Crissy Field represents one of the city's best examples of urban renewal. It was only twenty years ago when the National Park Service declared the area a "derelict concrete wasteland", and I remember when nobody wanted to go there due to all the hazardous chemicals that were stored in the warehouses despite the panoramic views to be had of the Golden Gate Bridge.Now it's quite gorgeous on a sunny day with rebuilt sidewalks, boardwalks, and trails connecting all the key vantage points from Fort Point to the Warming Hut down to the Crissy Field Center, an environmental education center. A lot of the old warehouses have been renovated and repurposed, one into a huge rock climbing facility. The former airfield has been replaced by green grass where dogs frolic and pee. The shoreline has turned into a full-fledged beach with sand dunes, and the tidal wetlands have been similarly restored.The most exciting development is yet to come as a new bluff will be built by the same architectural firm that built the wondrous High Line in Manhattan. Their concept is to extend the central lawn to a curvaceous bluff atop the tunnels, then build a promenade that faces the wetlands and ultimately the Golden Gate Bridge. Anyone who's walked the High Line knows what a game-changer this will be when it is completed. In the meantime, go ahead and pay for the premium-price hot chocolate at the Warming Hut as the profits go to the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy.
Great place to walk your dog, ride a bike or just sit and enjoy the view. Beautiful view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz.
California Trip #14"Leaving San Francisco is like saying goodbye to an old sweetheart. You want to linger as long as possible." --Walter CronkiteAlmost any beach can be beautiful, but when it's combined with the Golden Gate Bridge (GGB) in the distance, well... Crissy Field (CF) is something special. Since the eloquent John D. posted a wonderful and thorough review on CF, I will send you to him for facts and tips (yelp.com/biz/crissy-fiel…). What I *can* do is give you a perspective as a visitor seeing the GGB for the first time while at CF.In my review on the GGB, I referenced CF because CF is a great place to park (free!) and walk to the bridge and pavilion (yelp.com/biz/golden-gate…). What makes CF so fantastic is the ability to see the bridge as you get closer and closer to it. Talk about a photographer's dream! You have the beach, San Francisco Bay, Alcatraz, GGB, Marin Headlands, birds, and deliriously happy dogs--just to name a few. If you can manage to show up before sunrise, you'll get a unique experience (check out my pictures). If you're visiting from out of town and haven't seen the GGB before, go to CF. As I walked along the beach, I couldn't take my eyes off of the GGB. To see all of its glory, and with much anticipation, I can't express the feelings I felt that morning. Take the time to savor your first time visiting. Walking from CF to the GGB is about an hour, but it's so enjoyable because of the view. Along the way there are spots to get shots of yourself with the bridge. Trust me--people will offer to take pictures for you. I was impressed with the friendly people who kept offering. CF is a goldmine of happiness--between the lucky dogs who live around there, the gorgeous view, and the free parking--I know I was happy while I was there. You can't help but smile when you're in San Fran!
Rode over here from Fisherman's Wharf by bicycle, which was a pretty far ride. The view of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge was amazing. The panoramic as a whole is great. You can see from the city all the way to the bridge and all of it is just so breathtaking. We sat out around the pier to take it all in and then we went on our way to continue our journey tot he bridge, which I highly recommend taking a walk or bicycle ride across. It was a tad cloudy the day we went here, but still gorgeous. Considering its right next to the water, its pretty cold and windy here, would say grab some warm clothes. Come to the park, you won't regret it!!
If you're for a location with everything to enjoy the outdoors in SF, this place is it! Great place for bbq, jogging, beach, biking, and great views. You can get a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge, and Alcatraz too. I would love to come up here just to relax. This place just seem so calm and away from downtown SF. Also, you can find free parking! Just make sure you come here early.
Looking for a place to lounge and chill in SF... look no further! Crissy field is the spot! lets see why this place is soo awesome: free parking check!amazing views of the golden gate bridge check!walking distance to Beach access check!Dog friendly beach check! pups everywhere check!130 Acres of green space check!Bike trails - perfect for running or riding your bike check !I have been here on multiple occasions... as a tip, dont be shy to bring a picnic basket and fill it with  your favorite snacks!... I chose to stop by whole foods  ( hitting up their food buffet because how can you not right?... paleo chipotle wings, grilled veggies.. [can eat those for days!], peas, tortilla chips, guac.. is all about the guac! ] ... walking through the WF aisles picked up some sea salted chips, some water. crap.. no picnic basket .. no problem bought one there for $3 :)TIPS: [dont forget....]-bring food and snacks, water-beach blanket or mat-beach umbrella or tent ( and something to hold it down... could get kinda windy )-swimming clothes! .... specially in the summer when is 85 or 90 in SF, water temp is great!-an extra set of clothes.. just in case.-your camera or go-pro.If you never been here, this place is highly recommended !! as well as walking over to the palace of fine arts which is literally about a 5 min. walk around the corner. hope you 'll enjoy as much as I have :)
Places like Crissy Field are why I love San Francisco.To begin with, if you want a place in the city where you can just spend time enjoying the beautiful scenery, you can't do any better than Crissy Field.  The views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the ocean and the surrounding areas are incredible.  There's also so much to do here.  You can walk or run along the trails, sit or lie down in the sun and relax, head down to the beach, throw a picnic with friends and family (there are BBQ pits) and more.There is plenty of parking available and there is a local Sports Basement store nearby too.Overall, it's a great place in SF to spend your time whether you want to be alone or hang out with others.  5 stars all the way
This was my wife, friends, and I first time here. When we first got here my friend miss the parking lot so he had to make a u-turn.The beach had a nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge and  Alcatraz. It was a pretty sunny day, but it was windy. I was surprised of how many dogs was there running around.Cons:Dirty waterRestrooms are not clean.
BEAUTIFUL place to have a picnic, chill, run, play with your dog, BBQ....fill in the blank.  Beautiful backdrop, great ocean views, lots of area to spread out and relax without being on top of one another like other parks in the city.  Can get a bit breezy since it's right off the ocean, so just remember to grab a jacket (although I always do whenever I go anywhere in SF!).  Perfect place for a beautiful, sunny day.  We love taking our dog with us to play fetch, picnic together, and/or play bocce ball.
Breath taking view looking up at the Golden Gate Bridge and a view of Alcatraz.  There's ample amount of free parking. This is thee most perfect place to take in the view of the bridge and just chill. Lay on the sand, read a book, have a picnic/BBQ, photo op, play in the water, have a play date, take in the citly but fresh breeze!  I absolutely love it here. This place is a definite must if you're looking for a relaxing way to take in the awesome view of the GGB or just want to take a bunch of pictures (^_^)
Amazing place to relax and enjoy the views of the Bay.Came here on an early Saturday to gather some awesome art materials. This place allows you to be calm and away from the misty blitzy downtown SF. There is a lot of free parking and a lot of people to mingle with.
Crissy Field is situated along the beautiful Bay and accessible to all things amazing such as Golden Gate Park, Golden Gate Bridge, Presido and more! Its perfect for dog walking, people watching and sightseeing.  A must-see and do during a trip to San Franciso. Take your camera, strike a pose, cop a squat...the options are endless here.~Christy said so.
Crissy Field offers a variety of activities for people of all ages.  First of all, the sights and views are amazing.  It is a really refreshing place to intake San Francisco's iconic Golden Gate Bridge!  The field is huge so you can sit and relax or participate in activities like Frisbee or kite flying (perfect place because it was windy).  It is spacious so the kids can run around and have fun.  There's a dirt path to walk along and a pond/lake which is pretty.  Also there's a sandy "beach!"  How cool is that?  (I think you can call it a beach, hah.)  There's probably more that I didn't explore, but I did find the field has amazing views of the city and if you want some nice photos... come check it out!
Crissy Field (CF) is a ±130-acre fully-restored plot of coastal wetland that sits on a former U.S. Army airfield (1846-1974). The base closure left the area an environmental nightmare after years of toxic material dumping. The National Park Service (NPS) took control of the area and began a long and thorough restoration after deeming it a "derelict concrete wasteland." The NPS removed 87,000(!!) tons of hazardous materials, and redesigned the area to simulate the pre-Army wetlands. Even with all that work, they still relied upon an army of three thousand volunteers to help finish the restoration. CF as you see it today opened officially in 2001, and is one of the NPS' Crown Jewels. Here's a (hopefully) comprehensive guide to help you plan your visit to CF:   Parking- There is actual FREE parking. Yes, you read that right--FREE PARKING!! For those that have been to SF before you know exactly what I'm talking about. Free parking in SF is as rare as my steak--and I like 'em "mooing." I highly recommend getting here early because the free lot fill up fast. Otherwise, there's metered spots along the street.Features:-Magnificent views of the SF Bay, Marin Headlands, Golden Gate Bridge, and Alcatraz. If you're coming here for one reason--this would be it.-Beach access is available at CF; yeah, it's your typical freezing NorCal beach that's too cold to swim in, but it's still a beach. Kayaking, Sandcastle building and Kite flying are the choice activities here.-Restored Tidal Marsh area that's home to 17 species of fish, 73 native plants and 135 species of birds have been sighted in, and around the area.-Visit US Civil War relic Fort Point, that's located at the base of the Golden Gate Bridge. -×5 separate restrooms! They're not exactly immaculate (except maybe the one at the Café), but when nature calls CF is ready to answer!-Farallones Marine Sanctuary Visitor Center located at the West Bluffs area is free, and fun for the kiddies. -Crissy Field Warming Hut Café and Bookstore to grab a snack, chill out and get powered-up with some java. -Picnic areas located at the West Bluff-Historic Airfield has been restored to a big, grassy field.-The Golden Gate Promenade (GGP) and the San Francisco Bay Trail (SFBT) run through CF. As the name suggests, the SFBT runs along the SF Bay Coast and the GGP encompasses CF, and will take you to Fort Point and the majestic Golden Gate Bridge!-Crissy Field Center, which is home to a children's environmental education center-If you don't mind walking it's only ±3-miles (one-way) walk to Fisherman's Wharf, and ±2.4-miles (one-way) to Ghirardelli Square from CF; you can head over, grab some lunch and walk it off--stop being lazy, and take advantage of that FREE PARKING!Whew! Now that's a lot of features... If none of those got you excited, then maybe it's time to check your pulse. CF is an outstanding spot to visit--whether you're a SF/Bay Area native, or visiting from out of town, this place is a definite "must see" for everyone. CF is easily my favorite place in SF, and after one visit I guarantee you'll see why.
Crissy Field will be a pleasant surprise to all the first timers and so did I feel when my husband brought me here. It was nice & wonderful to spend a good evening at the field, especially during summers. Highlights:It's a quick getaway for people living in the bay area. One gets to enjoy every beauty of the location.- Breathtaking golden gate view- Spectacular San Francisco city view & Alcatraz Island - Serenity of the pacific ocean - Perfect beach to watch the scenic sunsets- Great picnic area & gentle resting on the green grass- Fort Point National Historic Site- Golden gate promenade / Bay trail- Warming Hut Park Store & Cafe- Pier outside the Warming Hut Cafe- Fitness friendly for Bikers, joggers, runners/ walkers & also, pet friendly.Already a handful of ten and the list just goes on..Warming Hut Cafe did help us in quick warm up, grabbed a cup of Hot chai latte & Hot coffee. The cafe scores well on Yelp. It was certainly a good choice. We started heading towards the pier, took a leisurely stroll and I must admit that it was lovely. The bay trail was quite relaxing too, leading you through the crissy field to the fort point and then up to the golden gate bridge. Also spotted historic airfield buildings, seems to be reused today for indoor recreational activities.Easy tips: 1. It gets chilly in the late evenings even on a hot and sunny day. So, please carry your jackets along. 2. It's a popular area to take photos. So, pause while you walk & don't miss to capture the panoramic view shots of the golden gate bridge in your cameras. We even saw a candid wedding photo shoot of a newly married couple, trying to get the best of sunset with the golden gate backdrop.3. Limited free parking. Be an early bird to get a good free parking spot.This is one of the finest & rarest places offering you a bunch of To-Do list & lots of exciting attractions in one place. Truly a must-visit. We are sure to come back again.
Being a new San Franciscan I had to come here!  From the pictures I thought it was more of a park feel, with lots of grass area to have a picnic.  I did find some grass area, but it was too far from the Golden Gate Bridge view, which I HAD to be surrounded by :)Instead my boyfriend and I got food from the nearby cafe (The Warming Hut) and sat by the dock which was breathtaking! It's extremely windy if you go after 3pm.  To catch the sun arrive in the morning.There's a "beach" on the east side of the dock as well as bike rental spots and a workout recreational area.  Parking is a biotch! So give yourself 30 minutes to park if you're coming on the weekends & want a good spot by the dock/cafe.Can't wait to come back and ride bikes!
My French Bulldog loves coming here! He's obsessed with the water. We always have such a good time. Great place for photos as well
Crissy Field is a gorgeous beach next to the Golden Gate Bridge. We went on a overcast afternoon to take photos by the bridge and then decided to take a romantic stroll by the water. We were in San Fransisco in mid-January but from what I read the temperature at Crissy Field is usually between 50-60 degrees and can sometimes be very windy so bring a jacket. On the day we went, it was perfect. The temperature was about 58-60 and cloudy, therefore we weren't being melted by the sun. It's a perfect place for a stroll but we saw lots of people out on a run. There are some nice grassy areas perfect for a picnic, a game of frisbee, or playing fetch with your pup! For tourists, it's a great spot for taking a selfie with the bridge in the background!
I have to give it to the San Francisco Parks Department - they do a top notch job of not only preserving their natural open spaces but the have developed these parks and greenways in some pheonomial areas of the city.  And after biking through, I would add Crissy Field to this listAlthough SF is known for its steep hills (and yes my quads will consent to this assertion), it is a very bikeable city, with plenty of flat streets, so after renting a bike, and grabbing a map I headed out and before I knew it I was closer then I have ever been to the bridge, thanks in part to Crissy Field. The easy to follow bike path and signage, assisted me as I made my way on a sunny Sunday morning. It might have been mid-morning - people were already claiming prime real estate, setting up "camp" .  Ample parking (some paid) and bathrooms make it easy to spend the entire day here.And passing through I could see why - Who wouldn't want to lay out a blanket and stare at not only the bay but the Golden Gate Bridge.  And if for some reason - that bores you, there are plenty of people watching to last you until the sun slips over the horizon.I was not able to spend a lot of time at Crissy Field (I had places to go!), but the bit of time I did I was able to enjoy the sights and sounds of people enjoying their surroundings.  Not only that - I was able to get some fantastic pictures of the bridge and surrounding area.  If views and pictures are what you are after - head to Crissy Field. It's a great place for views and pictures before reaching the Pavillion, which is always crazy crowded with tourists.
I agree with Rascal. I wish there was a Crissy Field by our house too, boy.Absolutely beautiful and a breath of fresh air! Literally! I would LOVE to go jogging here every day.. Or have walk dates with my fur baby.Whenever I'm back in SF again (hopefully soon), I'll make sure to swing by here. I highly suggest giving this place a nice warm visit! To jog, to play sports, to picnic, to relax, to hang out, to cupcake, etc!Now go frolic!
It's a nice place to go jogging, walking, or whatever you desire. There's a nice view of the golden gate bridge if there's no fog covering it. Plenty of people are here biking, jogging. etc so it's definitely a good place to exercise.There's lots of things near the area so after you get your exercise, you can go eat around the Marina!
Originally build as a US Airfield, Crissy Field has since been repurposed into one of the best natural spaces in the San Francisco Bay Area, and is often considered the Golden-gateway, or proverbial front door, to the Presidio. The park has ample room for dogs to roam and wonderful sight seeing locations for the Golden Gate Bridge and the SF Bay.bouncykitty.wordpress.co…
We strolled into Crissy Fields while exploring this beautiful city. Over looking the San Francisco Bay, you'll get breath taking views of the Golden Gate and the cities across the bay. Perfect spot for a picnic, wind surfing, or bringing your dog to enjoy the limited sun. Yes, it does get a bit foggy here but luckily we got plenty of sun today. Bring a sweater and stay for the evening sunset and watch the city light twinkle as the sun fades to sleep. Perfect place for lovers, dates, or just to relax your mind. This is now one of my favorite places in San Francisco.
This place is huge! It's literally a whole street next to the beach. Parking is also free so don't stress on that!It's just a long stretch where you can just stroll or job or exercise. It's such a nice place to get your workout on for the day! I would definitely be coming here everyday if I lived close by. You can also see the Golden Gate Bridge from the beach. It's just a beautiful view. Be sure to bring some extra clothes or jackets because it does get chilly! Come with family, friends, or your workout buddy and just enjoy the view!
a great place to play with your two and four legged friends.  I parked at marina green and walked towards crissy field it was better option than driving through traffic.  The bicyclists were a bit annoying, only because one almost hit me and my dog-- my dog was leshed.I hope that this area remains off leash... its a clean and safe place for my dog to swim and for me to soak up some beautiful sites.
Crissy Field is a nice area with fantastic views! It also helps that isn't too crowded. You can definitely grab a breath of fresh air here. Tip: Watch out for cyclists and runners. It isn't dangerous or anything, but just make sure to be aware of your surroundings. Kind of like everywhere in SF. :)It is also a nice spot to be dropped off by an UBER driver, if that is how you are getting around the city!
One of my favorite places to go for a jog.  Views are amazing.  Start at Marina Green and walk the trail along the bay that eventually ends at the Golden Gate Bridge.  Easy parking is a big plus.  Only negative were the seagulls that descended on a birthday barbecue and stole a triple cream cheese of our table.  Definitely an issue if your holding a party at one of the tables. Otherwise, area is great for jogging or just hanging out.
Crissy field is the best view to see the golden gate bridge. You can have picnic here, relax and do alot of activities that you want.
Crissy Field is enormous and wonderful. There's a huge expanse of grass (bring your dog!), lots of walking/running/biking paths, and a lovely beach. With great views of the bay, the headlands, Fort Baker, and the Golden Gate Bridge, it's a quintessential SF hangout spot. It's always very windy, which makes it great for kite flying (we had no trouble getting ours up simply by holding it up to the wind--no running required!). Parking is free if you park by the beach. Otherwise, it's $1.20 per hour further south.
Marine biologist Wallace J. Nichols's new book entitled "Blue Mind: The Surprising Science That Shows How Being Near, In , On, Or Under Water Can Make You Happier, Healthier, More Connected, And Better At What You Do" (seriously, that's the whole title!) just proves that I need a beach vacation SOON.Since that's not a possibility in the near future (why is Hawaii so far away?) the next best thing is Crissy Field. Just smelling the "ocean" spray and looking at the water, watching boats and yachts sail past Alcatraz make for good therapy. And you don't have to spend a single dime since it's free. Take a walk along the water and snap a few pics of the Golden Gate. If you have a couple hours to spare, bring a picnic blanket, your hoodie, some snacks and lie on the grass for awhile. Recharge and re-energize for the week ahead. Happy lazy Sunday!
Beautiful, beautiful views of the Golden Gate Bridge! My friend and I came on a weekday, and parking was ample and free! The beach is gorgeous. Plenty of people biking, running, playing with their dogs and kids. We had a picnic on the beach, and it was the perfect place to watch the sunset!
I love taking my dog to Chrissy Field because it's super dog friendly. The views are amazing and I always leave with amazing pictures of my dog. I usually walk towards the Golden Gate Bridge away from the busier part of the area so I can play fetch with the dog and let him swim. I've always found parking however I don't usually go when it's busy. There is a little cafe (beach hut cafe) by the information center that has overpriced not so good food. Pack a picnic basket and enjoy the beautiful views.
Probably the most beautiful U.S. former army airfields that exist. What a beautiful space & venue with breathtaking views of the Golden Gate Bridge!  I came here for Budweiser's free Made in America event where E-40 & Cash Cash performed. There was nothing more bay-area than E-40 + the Golden Gate Bridge. I loved the large open field, the ocean breeze, the glistening water & its contrast with the red of the bridge. I love the drive to this park as well (you get to pass the Presidio area which is a nice historic drive thru army buildings & a vet's cemetery with evenly spaced marble tombstones).
This kiteboarding spot is in every one's list or place to kite, the view it fabulous at 360.You really feel privileged to kite there.
A lot of places to get a good shot of the bridge. But you have to pay for parking on the weekends now! Sucks!This place made me fall in love with San Francisco. When I was visiting in 2010, my friend took me here, said it was her fave place to go in SF to just chill. She knew I would like it bc I like being outdoors. Now that I live here, this is the first place I take all my visitors too. They love it. Even when it's foggy, the bridge always looks cool in or out of the clouds. I took my daughter here and she is only 3 months old. This place is nice on a sunny day for a picnic and bbq. I highly recommend this place for out of towners to appreciate San Francisco.
Perfect views of the bridge! If you go early morning it's not very busy- just full of joggers. Quite windy so bring your jacket!Free parking on the weekend until 11am.
If I lived in San Francisco, you'd find me here most weekends. I would be more motivated to run if I lived there. It's a great place to relax and hang out. There is a trail that goes from Crissy Field all the way to Fort Point. I haven't walked so much in awhile. There were also people that rented bikes that rode on the trail. I loved the views of the Bay and Golden Gate Bridge- picture perfect. Another plus is that parking is free. I know my review doesn't do it justice. You'll just have to check the place out yourself!
Want a great place to hang out, to see the bridge, be close to the beach, and not have a headache about parking in SF? Here it is! There are big grassy fields for dogs (or people!) to frolic in, BBQ pits, great views. Planet Granite (indoor rock climbing gym) is also near here, which I think is a pretty awesome location. Anyway, there's an amazing view of the Golden Gate Bridge, and there are docks that jut out into the water so you can get closer! There are also lots of parking lots, and the parking fee is $1.20/hr or $7 entire day, which I think is pretty good for SF standards. This is an amazing place, especially when the weather is good. Definitely come check this place out if you're new to the area (or if you've never been here before)!
Definitely one of the best places in Northern California. I love how you can bring your kids around here and how this place isn't so crowded plus you can see some interesting stuff like Electric Vehicle and free EV charging area, weightboarders, surfers.... Ahhhhh, this place is just surreal to be true... Definitely on top of beach hang out list.
Came here with my 11 month old daughter. I've always wanted to take pictures on the beach in front of the Golden Gate Bridge. The scenic route on the way down there is very delightful. There is soooo much to do. I was overwhelmed in a good way. Parking wasn't too bad, 1.25 an hour. I got good pictures on this beautiful day in San Fran. Can't wait to come again!
It's no secret this is one of the best beaches in the city if you have a dog and want to enjoy the beautiful view of the city, the bridge with your dog running wild on the beach without being yelled at by anybody! My dog and I LOVE Crissy and we are lucky enough to live 15mins away, he learned to love the water from playing with his friends here! We come here almost every week, and this is still one of our very favorite spots to hangout!
A great place to come on a nice day and take a long walk!!  Such a beautiful view and a nice place to just relax a little.
IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA, YOU MUST COME HERE!!!I can't believe I've lived in SJ for almost 20 years and have never come here. This place is beautiful!!! The weather was perfect when I came last Saturday. My boyfriend and I nearly walked across the entire beach and up to the wooden dock under the Golden Gate bridge. During our walk, I think we saw about 50 dogs AND I LOVED IT SO MUCH!!! There were so many picnics, parties, and smiles~Plus: parking is free :)
lovely views of the Golden Gate. Great place for a nice jog, but be sure to dress appropriately cause it's SF and the weather can be chilly. It can get pretty crowded as well, depending on where you are such as around the warming hut area. But overall a nice place for a run and enjoying the view.
Love bringing my dog here. You can play on the sand and in the water, since it's in the bay you don't have to worry about the undertow/surf at other beaches. Lots of dogs to play with and a nice walking path along the beach as well.
The place is always packed on the weekend. A lot of tourists and hipsters from the city gather here for photo shoot. The pier close to Fort Point has amazing view of the city, Alcatraz, and Golden Gate Bridge.The pier in crissy field is a fabulous spot for recreational fishing (doesn't require fishing license). If you are interested in crabbing, this is definitely the place to go. I love coming here with frds to hang out and relax. On an average trip, catch from 6-15 crabs in a 4 hour span. But there has been rare occasions, when I caught ZERO crab for the entire day. And for some reason, this tends to happen a lot more often when I go with first timers. Arhh, how embarrassing X(...Tips:Bait: A lot of people bring chicken for bait. Chicken works fine, the downside is that sea lions also like it. If you are using chicken, buy drumsticks or wings.  From experience, I tend to have better results with squids. You can buy squid from Asian markets. No matter which one you choose, just make sure it is fresh, it gives strong scent that attracts crabs. Also, bring plenty for back up.Time: On the weekends, there are many "crabbers" and sea lions never miss the party, you will still be able to catch some crabs. But if you want to have a crab feast for dinner and post pictures to impress your frds on fb, you will definitely have a better shot on weekdays. In terms of time, it's better to come at night, but ain't nobody got time for that. Day time works just fine.Equipment: Go to a fishing store and ask them for a complete package crab net. They usually have it put together already. Make sure to purchase the ruler for measuring crab size.  You will get fined for not having it. The bait trap is really important,. I have seen numerous groups of enthusiastic people come here without a back up bait trap and have to go home after their bait traps get torn apart by sea lions. If you are serious about crabbing, you should look up on how to make your own bait traps. I recommend bringing a water proof gloves, construction leather gloves that are water resistant works best.Rock crab and stone crab only. Don't try to sneak out with the Dungeness. It's not worth the risk; $1000 find per Dungeness if you get caught.Good luck and have fun!
Crissy Field is AWESOME!My boyfriend and I recently took a two-day trip to San Francisco and had a great time here.  After seeing such beautiful photos of the Golden Gate Bridge from Crissy Field, I decided we had to take in the view from this spot.We took Uber both to and from here, so we didn't have to deal with any traffic or parking, which was great.  I was a bit turned off by the crowd of people here at first, but that feeling quickly went away.Crissy Field not only offers a breathtaking view of the GGB, but also, the entire city!  From Sausalito to Alcatraz to the Palace of Fine Arts, this vantage point provides it all.Walking along one of the paths, I couldn't help but notice the sense of community that the park entailed.  Among the groups of people socializing, I swear I didn't see one person on his or her cell phone!  My boyfriend and I actually made a game out of trying to catch someone with a phone in hand, and it was only the tourists who did.I can't explain the overwhelming happiness I felt when I was here, but I extremely recommend visiting this spot to take in the beauty of San Francisco.
I've never done a running route as beautiful as this. 3.5 miles goes by quickly. 4 miles across the bridge goes by even faster.If you're gonna go running, run where it's beautiful. Run here.
How is this place not more popular?!Crissy Field has amazing views of the SF skyline, Alcatraz, and a drop-dead gorgeous view of the Golden Gate Bridge. Seriously, remember all those times you've driven over the bridge and thought, "Hm I wonder what that little bit of green area right by the water is.. I bet the view is amazing from there"? Well this is that place.There's a Sports Basement right here too, so it's easy to rent a bike and explore the area. The fields themselves have some crazy modern art on them made out of industrial materials, and they look like makeshift cranes in the middle of the grass. Legit.I can't believe more people don't come here. It was not completely empty but definitely not super crowded, and not touristy in the slightest. Perfect place to enjoy the sunshine in SF.
This is such a gorgeous beach! We came on the perfect day. It's my favorite so far out of all the SF beaches that I've been to. My boyfriend and I were looking for a nice beach to take our dog and came here on the recommendation of a stranger we met at Fort Funston. This place is a lot cleaner and prettier than Fort Funston.We let our dog off leash in an area where there was a giant river of water in the sand. We were kind of worried our dog would run off too far because he tends to get overexcited at the beach. We thought the river would keep him trapped in a smaller area. There were many other dogs in this area for him to play with. The area was so nice. There was a gorgeous view of the bridge on one side and Alcatraz on the other.At one point, my dog (who, during this time, was still afraid of water) wanted so badly to play with the dogs who were jumping around in the water. The poor thing finally gave in and jumped into the water, not realizing how deep it was. I freaked out for half a second, ready to run in and grab him, but only to discover that my dog could swim! It was quite a memorable morning.There was plenty of parking, outdoor showers to wash off, and bathrooms available nearby. This will be my go-to beach every time from here on out.
Picnic at the Presidio is a must if you live in SF. Come here any Sunday in spring, summer, or fall for a great afternoon at the park! Thank you, Off the Grid, for such great city events!
Beautiful, peaceful walk that leads right to the Golden Gate Bridge. This takes you right to Fort Point which is an even closer photo opportunity of the bridge.
A free park, with plenty of free parking (at least on the east side), on the ocean, with views of the Golden Gate Bridge, Marin County, and Alcatraz Island?  What more could you want?Warmth. Crissy Field is a San Francisco landmark and one of my favorite places for BBQs and outdoor events.  But being at the tip of the SF Bay Peninsula, it's always about 10-15 degrees cooler than the rest of the city, with a remarkable wind-chill.Bring plenty of layers, and be careful of everything blowing away!
Come on this is the beach area in San Francisco that is famous for lots of 50's-70's history,concerts,road races and pure West-coast beauty! It's a symbol of what we love about the bay area! How could anyone not love this spot! Who could afford to live by here? Anyway,the races are cool and lots of people always with pets wondering around.Love it.....Can't come too much but do if in the city for sure!~
One of the best places to go! We went on a weekday and there were lots of parking and barely anybody on the small beach. Great view of the Golden gate Bridge too. I imagine on the weekends this place would be packed with cars and people because it's so close to the Golden gate Bridge.
5 solid stars for a reason. Best view in SF.
love love love coming to this place! It's a perfect place to relax and hang out with your friends. Plenty of space for a lot of people and a GREAT picture place. It gives you a different view of the bridge and sometimes you can see sea lions! Definitely a tourist spot but It's worth coming too! Not too crowded on the week days and weekend but I'm sure as schools get out for summer vacation it will be more crowded. BEAUTIFUL BEAUTIFUL PLACE!
Incredible views! I was amazed and wish I had that view everyday! We rented bikes to get across the Golden Gate Bridge and stopped for pictures here. Highly recommend!
Proof that our government can actually do wonderful things. Crissy field is part of the master plan for the presidio....and they did a great job.From the wonderful grass areas, the lovely beaches, the well kept trails to golden gate bridge....no wonder this is one of the most highly recommended walks in the world.P.s great for dogs too. Although you have to be careful of some of the more aggressive dogs out there.
Great, beautiful place for off-leash dog-walking and playing.  Be sure to bring a bag lunch and beer.
Heavenly place for dogs (any sizes and ages) and dog lovers on earth!
I don't come often to San Francisco so i don't know where all the cool spots are but this place is great . Great view of the Golden Gate Bridge , free parking, beach, and beautiful scenery what more can you ask for !! I can deff see why this place has 5Stars.
One of my favorite places in San Francisco because of all of the "firsts" that I've experienced in SF here and, of course, because of  the AMAZING view (when it isn't foggy).  I had my first ever run with Team in Training here.  I ran my first ever half-marathon through here.  For the first time ever, I watched AN AWESOME firework display that commemorated a major anniversary of the construction of the GG bridge.  IT WAS AMAZING.I've made future plans here.  I've cried both happy and sad tears here.  I accidentally found love here, when I wasn't really looking for it.  I've re-discovered love for myself here.  Yah, it is a pretty special place to me.  I still run here, I still bring tourists here and I still love every second that I spend here.  I highly recommend a visit or run through the field.  This is a place where healthy and fit people come and stay!
For some reason when I think of Crissy Field, in my head I start to sing "Mrs. Field's, baking factory, you can bake all kinds of treats!" from that old commercial for those little easy-bake-ovens for youthful bakers. Anyone? Anyone? Yea, I don't know, Saturday mornings in my childhood home were a time for watching Saturday morning cartoons (what else?), and therefore, commercials.At any rate, Crissy Field is one of the most awesome beaches for walking, strolling, running, dog petting / walking / watching, and offers great views of the Palace of Fine Arts and the Golden Gate. I like a beach that offers both sand and grass, for when you are done walking on the sand, you can wander over to the grassy field and still take in the sights. It's also across from Sports Basement, which is nice in case you suddenly decide that you need a ball or a Frisbee or water bottle or mug or a Bocce Ball set, or whatever you might want to make your day at the beach a little more enjoyable.
Let's talk about some of the gems here in San Francisco,  like Crissy Field , 1st , it has easy parking at the Eastern end near Marina & Lyon, it's a huge lot with a beach right in front of it where you can Wind Surf or watch those that do, Feel like a gentle hike, bike, or skate,  okay great starting point from here  where you can follow the Bay Trail , out to Fort Point, and if you wish grab a beverage or snack at the Warming Hut.Check out Fort Point, constructed over a 1794 defensive structure, this 1853 fort was one of over 30 built in the US though this is the only one that was built on the West Coast.Hang out near the Beach, Trails, or Marsh it can be a very romantic experience as you enjoy the natural beauty of Crissy Field, or the nearby Palace of Fine Art. Also you might notice that many couples come back here to have their Weddings since this part of San Francisco has such special memories for them. (Check out the nps.gov website if you want to reserve a location)
One of the very few places we can actually bring out own grill AND GRILL!!! We have a BBQ at least once or twice a year here with many of our friends. -somebody has to wake up early and claim the tables. Our parties are fairly big so we usually claim 3.-layer up. Summer in SF really isn't summer unless it's August - October.-parking sucks. Limited paid parking ($10 all day). However there is parking in the Presidio for free. Come prepared. We had a big sound system, tents, chairs, the whole shebang so it was quite comfortable. We even had a runner to fetch hella oysters from tamales bay. Love my summers!
Been here like a zillion time. For a picnic with a bunch of friends, pitt stop during our biking trip to Hawk hill, bbqing with and sometimes just to chill with my dog and watch the golden gate glisten while i read or sleep in the sun. The most important factor for me has been the weather. It can get windy and cold sometimes to be prepared but on most days we've been lucky and its just perfect out there.
Such an amazing open place. Grass, trails and great spot for yoga, sports, running and dogs. Great view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the spot to fly kites on a windy day. If you have some time to relax and want to soak up some sun enjoy an incredible view, I recommend this spot.
Nice beach. I always come to this beach to enjoy the sun and breeze. Sf beaches' water always cold but it's nice to walk in it along the shore.
This has been and always will be one of my favorite places on earth. Please never change.
Amazing views! I'm here on a work trip but I could see spending a lot of time here if I lived in San Francisco. I was pleasantly surprised how dog friendly the beach is as well.
Came here the other day with my lady to sit in the sand whilst eating a burrito and sipping a tall call. Once getting there the sand wasnt our first choice anymore but luckily they have picnic type tables set up. After eating we laid a blanket down and enjoyed the amazing view to make any other city jealous. The golden gate,alcatraz and downtown all seem so close with the view. A ton of people flowing through from jogger and dog walkers to families having a picnic. I suggest anybody come here if youre into parks of such nature. Not the easiest place to get to but not the hardest place either
Long area for dogs, has a lovely view of the golden gate bridge , has a bike path, animals: starfish, birds, sand crab, crabs,Has a good vibe in the place with open fields either in the grass fields or the beach
Great for escaping the city. Avoid weekends as picnickers fill it up but sneak outta work on a weekday and just stare.. it's amazing that all this property is protected, and one of my favorite things in a city that is 10 years away from being a billionaire playground... or underwater.
Went here for a date with the lady. It was an awesome day. Nice ocean waves and a couple of family barbecues. Lots of places to walk and great scenery. Had an good time here. It is close to the golden gate bridge. Nice views and good weather usually on a clear day. Timeless moments captured in focus at the fields.
Such a beautiful site! The first time to visit this gem and I got free Budweiser from Budweiser's Made in America event :) Thanks btw I finally got to see e-40! Definitely got to rekindle with my inner 8th grade self! xD
