I think this was one of the best rooftop parks. This rooftop park took a little to find, but alas, I did find it. It was within this market and I had to go up an escalator and walk around before I found it. When I did, it was pretty neat walking out and checking out the scene. If you're looking for a higher level type of park I would suggest to go to the 343 Sansome Rooftop Park. If I worked in the city though, this would probably be a place I would come to eat lunch. Every day, or well close to it. There's plenty of seating as well as great opportunities to people watch  that are walking up and down the street. I enjoyed the sweeping views of all the buildings and how so close everything was. I also think it would be a great place for spending time with a date or stumbling onto a possible romantic moment.
This is a great spot to come up and eat lunch if you're flying solo or have a small group, but there isn't a lot of seating that will accommodate 4+ people. I like getting outside, but be aware that the seating is mostly benches, and there's very little shade. For some reason, there also seems to be a lot of pigeons? I'll usually walk a bit farther to find a place with some shade or more comfortable seating.
Wells Fargo bank seems like a very serious institution...however is not only about $, they also offer a freebie rooftop view of the financial district in SF that is worth the elevator ride!
I remembered this urban oasis fondly from years passed, so brought a friend up here with our take-out lunch.The good news is that it's still an under-used hidden patio and a much nicer place to lunch than the chaotic sidewalk on Market street down below. To get up here, you walk in the door by Wells Fargo and just take the stairs or elevator upstairs. Feels like you are sneaking in, but you are simply using a public space.The bad news is that it was a lot more tired and dirty than I remembered... the benches could all use a fresh varnish and more regular wash.
It's a romantic spot and is open to the public.  Nice place to have lunch and enjoy the city views.
You can find me here several times a week during lunch. It's a hidden treasure in FiDi. If you're looking to soak up some sunshine on your lunch hour, this is the place to visit. Just don't take off your button-up dress shirt, like I saw a businessman do once. That's just weird.This place could use some actual dining tables and more benches. Most of the time I sit on a ledge and eat off my lap. The trash cans are usually overflowing too.
The Roof Terrace is a hidden gem in San Francisco, for sure. You feel like you're on top of the world when you eat here. Nobody knows about this place. Go to the Galleria, pick up lunch (or bring your own), and kick back and relax around the plants and sunlight.There's usually space here during lunch since nobody knows about this spot. They should seriously market it!
While eating my Jimmy John's #8 I looked up to see a sign that said, "...garden." When I arrived on  the roof I found my new favorite place to eat lunch on sunny San Francisco day's. One can only assume it's miserable in the fog. Look at the pictures, it's great!
Such a rare spot in downtown SF! Love to come up here on nice days and get some sun and have lunch on my break.They have lots of seating which is really accommodating since so many people like to come up there for lunch. Great food spots in the galleria to bring up.
An amazing place to have lunch if you work in the FiDi. There are plenty of benches and lots of lovely trees, shrubs and flowers to offer some respite from the surrounding concrete jungle. I love that it's free to go up here and the entrance is easy to find.
This is a great spot to take in a view of San Francisco's Market Street scene a few floors above street level.  It has numerous benches, shrubbery, and a fountain which gives it a "garden above the city" kind of vibe.  (Just look out for the bird dung on the benches before sitting down.)It's an easy escalator ride up to a number of reasonably priced lunch spots on the 3rd floor of the Crocker Galleria.  From there, just go up one flight of stairs to the 4th floor Roof Garden.  Then wander for a bit for a gander at the Market Street scene with its street musicians, etc.  This is a pretty casual and relaxing spot to get away from the crowded sidewalk, but still enjoy the Market Street "view from above".I actually viewed the 1994 San Francisco 49ers last Super Bowl championship parade down Market Street from this perch . . . so it has a rather nostalgic and sentimental value to me personally.  Nonetheless, its a fun view of the San Francisco street scene even if the 49ers haven't won a Super Bowl since pretty much forever ago now.
I truly appreciate that there is somewhere to sit midday above the hustle and bustle of the streets.  A place to slow down as you enjoy a meal from one of the numerous surrounding restaurants or street vendors. Who knows, if you get there early you may even get a seat in the sun.
This is a great location.  Great for people watching and eating a picnic. Great food choices nearby.
The location of this terrace is amazing. It's smack in the middle of Fi-Di, overlooking Market street, amidst sprawling skyscrapers. Yet the terrace offers so much greenery - trees, plants, flowers - that you might forget you were in the middle of a concrete metropolis.Because of all the circular benches surrounding large planters, the layout allows you to position yourself facing any direction. I've seen a few walking tour groups come through here a few times. And because you have to walk through Crocker Galleria to get here, it's THE perfect place to grab lunch and eat it while sitting on top of the world, so to speak. One of the few public space gems in the city. I truly "heart" this place.
It's a nice, convenient place to eat lunch or relax for a few moments during the workday but it's pretty bust given that it's above a food court. Nonetheless, it's a great way to spend the lunch hour on a nice day. There are plenty of trees and flowers (during the Spring at least) but there are only a handful of tables (mostly benches) so be prepared to hold your lunch and watch out for the gusts of wind.
This is another great spot to take your lunch! There is a lot of seating, but it does get crowded on nice days. Fun views of SF too. I do wish the water feature worked, but overall, this is another place I love to visit during my workday.
another one of those places that i really shouldnt yelp about because i dont want it to get too crowded. but im bored and i feel like getting my yelp on.so i have been going up here for years (8 actually since i used to work at the gap on post and kearny) and this is really a nice relaxing place to hangout during lunch. there are ton of restaurants in crocker...cant say they are all that good...some can be pretty over priced being that's in the middle of fidi. but going up there for lunch on a beautiful day....really cant beat it. there are tables but there is some seating. depending on how cold it is, u usually would want to sit in the sunnier areas. im looking to my right now and i see  a review that says don't go here on a date..... i think one day we saw some people on a "date" im pretty sure they were getting it on. (sorry i work across the street and we can see everything) its a pretty good place to go if u just want to get a little mini vacation mid day.
A nice public access terrace up the back staircase, linking the mall to a random floor of the hotel next door.  Perfect for picnic, reading, and making out.  Even when the food court is so crowded you end up accidentally groping yourself, you can head up here and have plenty of room and privacy.  Sweeeet.It's not perfect, enough ductwork and machinery you won't forget you're on somebody's roof.  The day I was there workers in hard hats were with lots of grunting and effort pulling an inexplicable bundle of cables through a hole in the hotel wall.  I think this is a Thursday tradition, like the noon siren.
Great place to enjoy your lunch or a book when the weather is nice. I particularly like it because you can see my office from the terrace (and vice versa, I suppose). More seating would be nice, especially seating conducive to groups of people eating lunch. It's certainly a nice "hidden gem" though.
This is a nice open space seating area for lunch or just some quiet time above Crocker Galleria. I came here yesterday late afternoon to eat lunch. The combination of sun and wind didn't really work out but it was ok. Many of the benches have been vandalized by wild bird feces. Be careful where you sit. There is an excellent view of the Market and New Montgomery intersection by the architectural figure at the corner of the terrace by the two elevators. The elevators take you down to the Wells Fargo entrance.
When I wake up in the morning loveand the sun light hurts my eyesAnd something without warning lovebears heavy on my mind.Then I look at you and the world's alright with meJust one look at you and I know it's gonna be -A lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely dayA lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day.When the day that lies ahead of me seems impossible to faceAnd someone else instead of me always seems to know the wayThen I look at you and the world's alright with meJust one look at you and I know it's gonna be -A lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely dayWhen the day that lies ahead of me seems impossible to faceA lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day lovely day--------------------------------------------Seriously...what a great place to eat lunch.
i work across the street, so this is a perfect place to spend lunch or breaks without people trying to ask for change or an extra cigarette, avoiding the risk of getting run over by aggro power suits in sneakers, getting hit by tourists carrying shopping bags or people trying to sell their transfers to buy their next dub sack...... and if you're like me, it's the perfect place to keep yourself from spending away  your monthly salary on shit you don't need over the course of these lunch breaks. :)
Great spot to take your salad by weight or SF soup co lunch up to.  Gets you away from all those peons below, and if you squint really hard when you are next to the fountain you may even be able to convince yourself that you are at waters edge.  Concrete jungle baby!
Plenty of benches and sun for all!!Bring a moderately priced salad that you made yourself at the Fountain Cafe or a weirdly-flavored burrito from 360 inside the Galleria. Then sit on top of the Wells Fargo and plan your heist or caper.
This is such a great a escape from the fast pace of the streets below.  There's hardly ever anyone up here and plenty of benches, but unfortunately no tables.This is a great place to go on your lunch break or just on stroll around the city.  I make sure I go there whenever I'm in the area.
An awesome place for breaks.  Over looking Market st. makes me feel like Batman sometimes. Teeheehee
This place is very peaceful wit lots of places to sit. I once went here with co-workers during lunch. Bought Mediterranean food and stuff.
On those rare, sunny SF days, this is a great spot to escape from the FiDi World.  There are ample benches to kick back on amongst a tidy, quiet garden.  From street level on Montgomery + Post, look atop WFB, and you'll see some of the landscaping.
I don't remember this rooftop terrace being so tore up as I had to sit half-assed on a bench lining the wall. On top of that, every seat was pock-marked with pigeon droppings and was in need of a new coat of paint. When did this place turn into Civic Center Plaza or Justin Herman for that matter? Please bring this place back to what I remember it being when I first started working in the City. However, you cannot deny it is a great spot to hang out, eat lunch, or take in the sun on top of Wells Fargo. The sounds of the city below are still apparent but it does not get any better than this rooftop.
When in college, I would take furniture design classes so that i could be at the campus near the roof garden. This way I could be the sad sack and eat my lunch alone with a view. I liked the place, like a hidden magical roof top place to eat stuff... then I made friends and ruined everything by taking them there and making the place popular. like super popular... like 4 people a day popular.
