Great fields! Our soccer league plays the majority of the games here, there are many fields and many different teams who come and play as well. Nice to see that SF has a little soccer community, many ages of boys and girls playing from different clubs. They have a little concession stand, serves Mexican food... I think, I have never gotten anything, I have seen people with many different types of Mexican food, and I think the typical, hot dogs... My boyfriend get Gatorade, so they have a lot of beverage choices a available. The parking lot is not very big, can get pretty crowded on the weekends with all the games. Bathrooms are... Well field bathrooms, some of my teammates hve had trouble with not have toilet paler... Ohhh not so great, the few times I have had to go in there was some, however not great hand washing station... So I find the bathroom a bit unsanitary. For a soccer field complete this place is great!
Great park...our daughters favorite park in all of sf, Daly city, San Mateo, Burlingame, Fremont. I think its the long platform and the fact that it doesnt get as hot as it does down south.
The facilities might not be in the best condition, but this park has something for everyone and everything!Find me shooting around on the basketball courts. The floor is decent for an outdoor court, though it could use a nice, cleansing rain. Bouncing the ball creates clouds of dust. There's four baskets total with new nets added a few weeks back. Props to the person to tried to draw a three-point line at one of the baskets because there are none. Lights stay on until 10:00pm every night except Sundays for late-night shooting. Catch Chinese seniors around here every morning practicing tai chi. For walkers and runners, the perimeter of the park is about a one-mile route. Many people venture here with their canine friends, so pay attention to where you're stepping. Kids will have a blast on the playground. The sandbox and big play structures are in an enclosed area for parents to easily keep an eye on their kids. Picnic tables and benches provide ample seating. Ringing bells signal the arrival of the mobile ice cream carts providing cold treats as well as crunchy snacks. Other facilities include a skate park, baseball fields, soccer fields, dog park, and small hiking trail. Bathrooms are located by the turf fields and baseball bleachers. Unsurprisingly enough, they're disgusting.You don't need super nice and fancy facilities to have fun. Crocker Amazon has everything you could possibly need for a great time outdoors.
This review is only for the tennis courts.The courts are dirty, stained and old. There are also some cracks around the courts. And the court close to Moscow St smells of pee and the grass is pretty long.I only come here because it's the closest to me.
There's a lot of gangsters , drug dealers. In this park, nice soccer fields. There's not a lot awareness cops taking care of this park, plenty of lights. Not safety park.
Hmm... This place is practically my childhood.I grew up with this park. And when I say grew up, I mean, WAY before the new playground was made. Back then, it was a simple swing set, and you'd have to run to the far back to play along the stumps. It was old, rundown, and unsafe. It was my childhood.The tennis and basketball courts have grown old over the years. My cousins and I grew up playing there, whether it was actually tennis, basketball, both, or none of those, this was where it all happened for us. I even learned how to roller skate here, and how to ride a bike (both which I still don't know how to do haha). I got my first knee scrape here also hehe.The downside is that the bathrooms were always dirty. Even as a child going preschool nearby, I recall their bathrooms being horrendously scary.Nevertheless, this place, no matter how old or how run down its become, will always hold a special place in my heart.
This place is really just for everyone. The soccer fields are huge the playground is nice and there is a bunch of baseball fields. If you walk up the stairs there is a dog play area. Where I like to take my dog. And another secret little play ground at the top. With a garden area where Asian people take care of it. It's really nice. Nice big hills for people to run in as well. Nice trails. Overall this park is great. The only bad part is that it might not be safe at night. I always go during the morning
Came here since my mom wanted to walk for exercise and there's a mini trail behind this park that you can hike/walk or jog. There's a lot trees in the mini hiking area behind the park. Has a few nice view depend which path you take. A lot of people come to this park to play soccer, ride their bikes, play baseball, jog or other activities. Sometimes i notice theres a soccer game in the evening whenever i drive down on Geneva Ave. very family oriented park where parents bring their kids to play
only been here to watch the soccer matches but its pretty big playground with a lot of fields and even a skateboard park. seems pretty nice but only been at night time.
FREE Zumba on Mondays at 7pm and on Sundays at 10:30am with Gina. Great class with incredible energy. Gina is fantastic and just keeps the class going, its a big dance party .
Attention parents and other rec people: this review is for the soccer fields.I play soccer here every week, sometimes twice a week. Turf fields SUCK. Sure you can play rain or shine and there is little maintenance, but sports are not about when you can play and how cost effective they are. It's about getting outside running around and getting a little dirty. Not getting all scuffed up on some rubber pellets, which by the way, are all over my apartment. The ball rolls and bounces differently and your foot drags differently, ughh... I also find it less forgiving than dirt and grass. Rant over.Bring back the grass. I joke with my teammates about telling my kids, "when I was your age I used to play soccer on real live grass." lol.
One of the most important things I've learned in life is to always upgrade. Never downgrade.Remember that. Crocker-Amazon Park has definitely excelled in upgrading, especially their soccer field. Throughout my years in SF, I've seen Crocker Park go through some major changes. Long ago, it was pretty ghetto-fied. I would never have considered stepping foot on their grounds. Now, my kids play soccer there on Saturdays.I'm a big advocate of getting out there and staying active. Crocker-Amazon helps support that. *The facility is huge. *There is plenty of clean, green space for the kids to run around and play soccer. *There is a massive field in the front grounds for the bigger kids, with nice bright lighting for night games. *The younger kids play at the back fields.*Newly renovated playground with swings, nice play structure, and picnic tables.*Tennis courts*Community center to hold functions/ meetings*Two parking lots *Mini-hiking trail in the backCrocker-Amazon has come a long way. We'll be coming here for many more years to come.
I go to a lot of parks...and I mean a lot. I have to say that this park is the best one yet for true toddlers. My son who is almost two could get on all the play structures and could access all the slides with ease. There is a sand box and plenty of space to run which is his favorite thing. Many places for parents to sit and watch.It does get crowded so that gets a bit difficult but I have to say that with my dare devil son, this is one place where I don't have multiple mini heart attacks when takes a run for something.
The turf soccer fields are great. Came here for a tournament and the parking was a nightmare. Enjoyed the fields, great seating and the snack bar food was good, but they need more parking options.
Upgrade! They've done some upgrades at the playground in the last several years and it is looking the best it has in years (esp the soccer field). They still need to do some upgrading on their baseball field though.It can still get pretty crowded over there so most times I opt to take my nieces and nephews elsewhere.
This playground isnt that bad. Looks newer, a very active sports field nearby with probably one of the worst smelling public bathrooms around!!!The park is off Geneva and is very spread out. The structures is pretty long and there are a ton of kids there along with parents that dont pay attention.Parking seemed difficult on the weekends, but a block or 2 is the sports field parking lot which can also be crowded.Alot of places to sit and relax. Very soft ground so kids dont get hurt as much. I believe some parents there need to police their kids as some of them RUN A MOCK!!!
Sooo much better now than it was when I was a kid!It's been awhile since I've been here. This place has been turned upside down.Play structure has been updated and now has picnic tables. The tennis court has been renovated as well. Hopefully they are in the process of updating the basketball court cause it is looking a little run down. Also, I'd love if they added a couple more swings as we had to wait awhile for the other kids to finish.My two-year old absolutely loves this place! I run through the trails and haven't had any reason not to go back. Kind of make it seem like you're not in SF.Very good place to just hang out and chill with the kids.
good place for running and walking.  theres always a lot of people doing various activities:  soccer, dogwalking, football, planting etc.  the bad part---there are areas that smell like urine
For the tennis courts:I usually go to Gellert Park to play tennis since their courts are nicer but every time I go there, there's always a tennis team playing. Since it's only 2 minutes from my house, I come here now. Their courts are old and when I come here, no one is ever there so that's good. Lots of seating and limited parking on the side of the park so try to come in the morning.
Crocker has gotten alot better since I was a kid. I was pleasantly surprised when I used their restrooms which were pretty clean and has a fairly large stocked nice snack bar. The soccer field area is really nice and there is alot of areas of the park to walk dogs, ride bikes, skateboard and play baseball and take the little ones to the playground. There could be less trash on the baseball areas and less gopher holes but hey it's the Excelsior and at least I haven't seen anyone shooting up yet.You just have to watch out for the drunks that hang out in the parking lot to gamble and drink everyday. Also don't wear blue and prolly don't wear red either!
The park is huge and the parking isn't great but it's not terrible either.  I played some winter softball there and the fields where ok, but not the best.
This park has plenty of great all-weather fields for Ultimate Frisbee or soccer.  I have watched and played many a game there. NIce to have this terrific park in the city. Though parking can be a challenge. The true secret for getting parking space is .....to take public transportation. But if you have to drive give yourself plenty of time and a bit of parking karma. Checkout other Ultimate Frisbee pickup games around the city and the state at:  ultimatefieldlocator.info7 on the line!cheers,gumboeater
