This isn't a big garden nor are the statues packed in tight.  They are really good, and well placed.I really like the cats on the island.  They are surrounded by plants then bu the moat with Lilly pads... Then right in front of the museum there is a Keith Herring statue.   I've always liked his work.Then there are several nice older bronzes.It's a nice little collection.  It's well worth stopping for if you are visiting the museum anyway.
One of the more peaceful places in the museum if you put yourself just outside the bustling borders of the cafe's outside seating. Calder, Arneson, and a slew of other scultoprs and installationists get a good swath of land to space out their works. Also, if you want to sneak into the tea garden next door, it's literally a fence or tree climb away :)
Free. Admission to the museum is not required, so take stroll or enjoy lunch from the cafe on the patio. Just don't sit or climb on the art!
The sculpture garden is definitely one of those places sit by yourself or with a date, eat a sandwich and ask, "What the heck is that?"  The place is a romantic place to sit and it feels safe, even on Thursday nights due to the crowds nearby at the Academy for their Nightlife.    I like the spacing of the garden with all of their alcoves and open spaces so even though many people might be shuffling near you, you don't feel cramped.  Definitely a good resting spot if you just did a run at the Academy or the De Young and need a breather from all that intellect.
Can't believe that no one has reviewed this oasis within the larger oasis known as Golden Gate Park before!  The sculpture garden is a fantastic place to pop into while in the park and to top things off, you can pick up a bite, a proper meal or even a drink (alcoholic and otherwise) from the de Young Café and enjoy it outdoors.  And when I'm at the museum with the nieces and I can kick back with a good cup of coffee (Peet's!) while they run and tire themselves out among the apples, the monstrously huge safety pin (21') and the punching bag looking ladies (Conversation Piece V by Juan Munoz) in this lush garden.  And you don't even have to pay museum admission to enjoy this garden although it is nice to support to arts.  Thank you Barbro Osher for your support of the arts!
