Oscar de la Renta exhibit is a must! You do not have to be a fashionista (or a Maxionista) to appreciate the fine craftsmanship and sophisticated taste from this illustrious designer.One of the most unique things about the exhibit is that beyond the clothes, there's items on lend from private homes and public spaces outside the de Young museum that make this a true San Francisco experience.Oh heck, who am I kidding? The clothes are to die for. Go for the clothes and stick around to learn about a truly talented artist of our time.
I love de Young Friday Nights, a festive event with live music, artist demonstrations, performances, and art activites for kids. It is free and runs from Apr to Nov. And now, the de Young art galleries (excluding special exhibitions) are also free during this event.I saw an interesting musical instrument, by artist-in-residence Shawn Feeney, a tuning-fork helmet that is worn by museum visitors as it is being played. It feels very soothing and I wanted to sit there forever. (Shawn studied sound healing.)This is one of my favorite events to go with friends. Or I go on my own to be social and meet new friends.
Went to the De Young Friday Nights to see the JMW Turner special exhibit on Fri 8/7/15.  Doors open at 5pm so you can go after work.  Next time I just need to get off 1hr early so I can make it.  A lot less crowded than going on a regular weekend.  I like that.  Paid the Special Exhibit price of $15.  Thought it was an ok price and it's discounted.The only docent tour was a special ticketed price w/ one beverage for $32 per adult.  No drinks allowed in the Gallery so they had to drink it before or after the tour, no bathrooms in the special exhibit gallery either. I know the docents use headsets but you don't really need them to hear the docent, so I just waited for the tour and tagged along.  Some people that paid were so pissed, that's their problem.The tour was 1hr and he only talked about a few artwork in each room so I was glad I already read and saw most of it on my own.Made an origami boat - girl had to show me how, I can't do origami by myself, those instructions are wacked.Music - was so strange and loud, didn't like it.Booze - expensive from the picture I took, I didn't buy any.  Did get some cold iced water that that they had set-up.  That was nice.Museum closes at 8:45pm so you can't stay that late, but I was done by 8pm.  Took N-Judah back and Bart home.  Got home by 11pm.
My first time at the De Young for an evening social. It was fabulous!This was Opening Night of Season 11 for Friday's at the De Young + the Bouquet to Arts exhibit (a floral arrangement exhibit) + loads and loads of people!The atrium was set up theater-style so people could listen to Scottish music and see Scottish dance groups perform.In the Piazzoni Mural room there was. Whiskey Bar (!) and a photo station with a background of the Isle of Skye. We had funny props to dress ourselves up and get our photo taken. Sooo fun!The Bouquet to Arts show was strewn around the museum and the arrangements were so artistic, colorful, amazing...If I had known these events were so fun, I would have attended the Friday Nights sooner.It may be T-H-E place to be on Fridays...for real...this is not a bouquet toss or beaucoup exaggeration either...
Love this because it is free! Free (street) parking and free admission! What isn't to like about that?The museum is awesome. I had never been to this museum before this evening and I enjoyed it. I'm not super into art, but it was great seeing something different in my life instead of just studying all the time. I loved the live performances as the performers were all very talented! The noise level of the reception area was good as even though people were performing, you could still have a conversation with someone. And you don't feel like you need to be totally quiet as you are walking around the halls. The permanent exhibits were free, but there are lots of pieces of art to looks at so you can definitely spend some time just looking at those.Amazing event! Great date night activity too!
Thankfully, this has its separate listing.  I had written for the museum, if you're not sure you'd enjoy world art enough to cough up the steep admission price, then come on a free day to try them out.  Friday Nights At De Young is their big free day, and my guess is that it's meant to be an introduction to the museum for the masses.Okay, now I'm thinking of "Seinfeld", where Frank Constanza did an entire episode of a holiday he invented.  Festivus, a holiday for the rest of us.  Well, Friday Nights are De Young's weekly Festivus.It is indeed free, except for special exhibits.  And naturally, the cafe and museum store aren't giving away their goods.  But you can walk in and explore most of the in-house exhibits at your leisure.  The atrium gets loud, but the rest of the building is a quiet as a, um, museum.  So see what piques your interest.  At no charge.Meanwhile, they offer free music for the adults and crafts for the kids.  Overpriced glasses of wine for purchase.  I especially went to the kid area:  would my third-grader like this?  I think yes, for about 30 minutes.  Parents don't need to stick around there, it's well supervised by staff.Yes, Dear Abby, it's as good as you say.  And yes, Porsche, you'd get a kick out of it.  Even without a Festivus pole.
What a cool change up from deodorizing weekend drinking at bars! Cocktails are fairly priced and can only be consumed in the lobby bar area. This isn't really a problem since the live music is also in this area. Entry to the main part of the museum is free! So, down a few cocktails and then frolic through the museum! It's a blast
Less crowds to see the entire museum. There's free music and lecture in auditorium. If you like the theme for that Friday, you will have a blast. If not, try and explore something new, you may grow to like it. Special exhibits of course will be a charge for, but other than that free access to rest of museum collection is a great bargain. I will come back again for another them e that I like. I went this time to see my favorite viola player, Christen Lien who incorporates layers of live electronics effects with her viola creating hybrid music and expressive performance art.
Jazz, wine, and art under one roof.  I feel like getting up and jiving while enjoying the massive display or art exhibits.  Beautiful lighting, friendly staff and always an eclectic aura.  Came here for Friday night at the museum and I was bedazzled by the glitz and glam of it all.  The only thing I didn't quite enjoy was their selection of white wines however it was adequate  enough to get my groove on while appreciating the many exotic artists and art pieces.  Sitting at the center area listening to this fantastic jazz ensemble I noticed little kids dancing to these vibrant tunes; brought a smile to my face.  It's a lovely place for a date night since you can travel upstairs and get away from the crowd, immerse yourself into the past and allow your inner souls to be captivated my the sexiness and creativity.  The sad thing was the glass slippers shattered at 8:45pm which I do hope they will extend the ball until 10pm or later.
How can you put a low rating on something that's free? lolHere's some info:1. booze- cocktails are around 10, beers around 6 or 8, depending on what kind.2. There are "ticket only" areas, but towards the end of the night, the people manning the areas don't really care so we got to see a lot of stuff3. 360 view in the tower: gorgeous. You see the water, you see the park, you see the tops of the trees- gorgeous. 4. Live music5. Really kid friendly- lots of things for kids to do.. so you can kinda...drop your kid off to do an art thing and come back... (I mean, i don't have kids, and maybe it's not safe to do that anymore, but.....whatever LOL i'm a terrible person)6. Gorgeous outside the building as wellI enjoyed myself. Less people, live music, booze. What can you hate?
Located across from the Academy of Science in Golden Gate Park. Plenty of parking.I've been here on a school field trip in elementary but not after their renovation (so long ago that I don't even remember coming here but I remember going on so many field trips to museums as a student in the SFUSD that I can bet that I've been here haha). I found on their site that they have free events on Friday nights (5-8:30pm). It just includes the concert of the night, drinks you can buy ($8-13), free kids craft station, entrance to the observatory deck. If you want to explore the museum, it'll cost $10, not bad if you ask me, especially since they have a Rembandt collection going on right now. S and I walked around on the main floor, lots of people sitting or standing with drinks in their hands enjoying the singer of the night, and kids getting their face painted or making some crafts. We took the elevator up to the 9th floor (the Observatory Deck), it was a 360 degree view of San Francisco! It was beautiful! It was definitely worth the trip to come here just to see the view!
There is a bar and live music on Friday nights (you have to keep your drinks in the main area where the music is, no spilling booze on the art).  The special exhibits are actually less crowded then on the weekend.  It's open until 8:45 PM.  They have children's activities set up, so it's kid friendly unlike nights at the museum elsewhere (academy of sciences, exploratorium).  Remember the Hamon Observation Tower closes one hour prior to close so go to the tower first if you want to enjoy the 360 degree view.
Disorganized, bossy, not user friendly. Just had a pretty frustrating experience on a Friday night due to the contradictory nature of this program. Upon arriving it was obvious that little was done to alert visitors as where things are for the night. No big signs or paper handouts. Not even a desk to ask someone. They have a scrolling event slideshow on a wall which is helpful but does not give directional detail. So you are left in the middle of the lobby with the bar. We decided to have a drink and then try to find things. All the special programming areas would not allow you to bring a drink in!  So now you are marooned in the lobby with nothing to do. BTW, they close down at 8:45pm on a Friday night! So if you show up late and mistakenly buy a drink you have wasted your night. Even looking at books for sale in the lobby was a disaster. Just hovering near them with our drinks brought the cashier out to scold 4 grown adults to step away. Moving to the other side of the lobby brought an usher barking at us to move away. With the scant crowds it was puzzling why we were being pushed around, literally. The only upside was one docent who tried to explain the layout of the night for us. 2 stars for that guy.
Great people watching.  If you're alone in town, don't go unless you like being a wall flower as no one will interact with you.  Also, you have to buy admission to be anywhere other than the main performance area which maybe new as previous yelps didn't say that.
Free party, drinks and wine. Free!
By far this is the classiest and most cultured place to enjoy a lovely friday evening with your significant other or just a friend.  I used to operate all live sound for 'cultural encounters' on friday nights as well as Jazz sundays and I would love to move back to SF if they could guarantee me full time work....they worked me to my bones and paid me pennies and then to not look like scumbags they said I was part of an 'internship' program, which doesn't exist at all, so all in all, rich rice who operates the live sound department and was my scandalous boss is a yuppie rich 'funboy' who has no respect for audiophiles, technofiles, musicians, or audio in general, hes just a rich boy whos daddy gave him the keys.  He should be seperated from that museum, he brings a very lame energy to the forefront and the worst event BY FAR was the andy warhole exhibit which he put EXTRA effort into most likely because they both share the same sexual preference.  He was a horrible man to deal with, a closet gay (cant respect that in SF) and he ignored me anytime he could because HE KNEW I worked 4 times as hard as him and I deserved his salary and I deserved MORE work time.  If this event gets any worse its because of one man, Rich Rice.  Rich Rice, what an asshole, sounds like a gay pornstars name. Rich Rice, smirk all you want at this review, karma has certainly caugthen up to you im sure you have an STD by now, your in a dyfunctional homoerotic relationship with one of your employees, Rich....your a rich scumbag.  I want you to know on any day of the week Im a better man than you- a Better manager - a smarter man- a more handsome man- and your just a homosexual covering up your voice hiding in the closet in san francisco pretending your the golden boy of the museum and cal academy of scieneces probably coercing your employees to engage in sexual activities with you for promotion...preston havill ring a bell? You two are both BITTER homosexuals that discriminated against me an sean...two REAL men with girlfriends.  You sad jealous excuses for humans. Preston Havill and Rich Rice that is....dont ever look up to these POSERS/YUPPIES and if you meet them, know you can snatch their jobs.....Rich Rice has a superior who doesnt know how bad Rich is.
Came here when they were having the Girl with the Pearl Earring exhibit and that night they were showcasing the Dutch and water management.  They had an amazing acrobatic performer and live music.  I have to say it was not really my crowd because there were a lot of young families with kids.  So why do I give it 4 stars? 1)  Observation tower.  You can get an unobstructed 360 view of the city and possibly bay if it's not too foggy AND you can stay warm!  Wahoo!  2) Free.  Yup, you have full access to the entire museum except the special exhibits.  That's on top of de Young Friday Nights (live music, lives performances, author readings, kite-making, etc).3) The crack that runs from the sidewalk and you can follow it to through their courtyard and to the entrance.  Pretty cool. 4) Alcohol.  Well, this just adds to the fun no matter what you are doing.Don't know how it compares to Nightlife at the Academy of Sciences because I've never been.  That will be up next some other time. All in all, I would consider coming back here.
Who doesn't enjoy free stuff?! And what better way to enjoy the arts than a visit to this museum and enjoy some awesome sights of the city from the top of their building?! The place was really happenin' and the drink were flowing making for an even happier place (not open bar though...) If I had more time, I would've stuck around to see the other performances and exhibits, but my time was short but I hope to come and check out more of their Friday nights...and maybe even bring a date!
Get your culture on every Friday night, for free! We happened to go when they had an artist's reception too, and receptions = complimentary hors d'oeuvres and drinks. There's a pretty great DJ, arts and crafts for kids, tours and programs in the theatre. Good for anyone young and old.. come in sweats or a suit, whatever. Although suit is kinda preferable, you scrub.
I was really looking forward to the launch of the Friday Nights series, but somehow, I dunno, it was not what I expected. I was disappointed. Sigh. But hey, it's free. Came here last Friday for the kick off and it was pretty packed. Lots of costumes and colorful people - big, small, short, tall - so that's cool, but also crowded and not easy to move around. There was a special makeup and hair event going on and that was also cool, but also packed. Then it turned into a fashion show with what seemed like random people, and it just didn't keep my interest. A few exhibits to view for free. Then there is the top floor observation area - it was a cloudy night though so hard to see much. I kept feeling like I missed something. Maybe because I didn't see the special exhibits? Anyway, maybe I will come back another time and try to give it another shot.  We'll see...
Such a deal! Come to the deYoung to hear some great music, perhaps catch a lecture, and possibly see some special exhibits (depending on the event), and all for FREE! Buy a drink at the pop-up bar, and make a night of it by enjoying the event and then strolling the beautiful grounds outside!
I really like Friday Nights at the De Young Museum.. especially because the entrance is free (not certain exhibits).  I went to their opening for 2011 and the Opera Night. Compared to NightLife at the Academy, it's a bit more relaxed because there's kids.The reason for the docked star you ask?  The website said that you can make a Venetian mask to wear to one of the concerts.. I brought mine thinking it was sort of a masked event.  It was actually for children, though I'm sure a few adults made their own. I wish they had specified that on the website.The other reason is from their lack of organization during seating at the Koret Auditorium. I was saving seats for two of my friends who decided to park on the street and walk.. Unfortunately, the ushers closed the doors, telling me they were not letting anyone else in.  There were so many empty seats in the auditorium.. I understand that they don't want people moving around during the performances.  A ticket system is probably the best way to ensure a full house.. Or even just having ushers in the auditorium telling people they can't save seats.Other than that, this is a great place to go with friends, children or your (future) significant other.
Not sure how they scored the Musee d'Orsay collection, but what a great collection.  Definitely a must see.
After having my son, I'm always looking for ways to maintain a social/cultural life.  Friday Nights at the De Young can kind of be hit or miss, but it's a great night out with a child.  They usually have good live music.  Sometimes it can be a little lame - they  have great jazz, latin bands, etc.  There is art-making for kids.  We've done print-making, collage, and so on.  There is a decent museum café.  The highlight for my son is the gorgeous James Turrell sculpture outside in the garden.  We usually end the night playing hide and seek in the garden and listening to our voices echo through the sculpture that shows just a sliver of the sky.
Finally, a great venue.  The Flamenco was wonderful. If they were the same group from last time; this time they gave the performance their full attention.Jan Wall was excellent; informative, personable, funny and knowledgeable. She hit the mark.
Never Again...call me uncultured crap...Never Again.Place was crowded.  Staff was VERY VERY RUDE.  And no, I wasn't a belligerent drunk giving them a hard time.  I didn't even have a drink...maybe that's why it sucked.  hahaMaybe I'm more of a sciences type gal...not an artsy type~
The de Young Museum in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park is now open late Friday nights mid-January through November for its sixth season of the FREE Friday Nights Out. Although its not as trendy hip (and overcrowded) as the Academy of Science's Thursday night, it's a great place to spend Friday night getting a bit of education while being entertained. The museum is open until 8:45pm so don't waste your time hitting happy hour before, come after work to soak up the culture and enjoy the no-host bar with reasonable prices. Plus the cafe offers a special Friday night menu and the museum store is open late for compulsive shoppers. The de Young is offering a wide range of activities on Friday nights from poetry readings, live bands to behind the scene tours and all the exhibits are open free to members, but at a minimal cost to non-members. In addition to entertainment for the adults in the form of booze and beats, the museum also offers crafts for kids (and their parents). The de Young Friday nights appeals to most demographics but the overall vibe was young families. It seems young parents like to get out of the house on a Friday night too, but don't want to have to pay big bucks for a babysitter. The only downside to Friday Nights as the de Young is that the observation deck closes at 8pm and the cookie working the door can be a bit rude about it. Reading between the lines, she did not allow us to go up when we asked nicely and showed her the phone which read 8:01pm. Seriously, bend the rules a bit! Plus parking can be expensive in the garage, so plan on parking in the park and walking to the museum. Every week is different so check the de Young website calendar for the nightly theme. We had the pleasure of hitting Opera Night last Friday. This Friday, Feb 4th a selection of musicians will be playing in honor of Black History Month. And Friday, Feb 11th, the museum will be launching their new iphone app and celebrating with music and online tour of the app. Lots to choose from, so get your culture on and visit the de Young on Friday nights!
The line for the small, overpriced drinks is ridiculously long and it gets so packed that it's hard to see the programs on stage.  Acoustics are terrible and the programming is hit or miss.
Come on Friday nights, when the exhibits stay open unti 8:45 PM--- aside from the special collections (it was Jean Paul Gaultier's traveling exhibit last night), the rest of the exhibits upstairs and on the periphery are open. Plus, there is usually live music, drinks, the cafe, and artisan booths. When we came, there were also art tables for children crafting art projects. Nice family fun.
The place to be Friday nights. Live music, Drinks, and a museum full of art and culture. Entrance is free and Entertainment is priceless.
Uhh.. this event was so fun!  I don't why I haven't even heard about it until last week.  I think what I loved the most was the crowd.  This event is really good for everyone so it draws in a lot of different people.  Everyone is having fun, and dancing.  Just good vibes all through the night.  Plus they let you see some of the exhibitions, which is really cool.  It's like being in a museum without that museum feel.  Also, don't miss out on the 9th floor observation deck where you can see a 360 view of the city.  It's gorgeous, especially at night!
this is exactly what makes sf so amazing. can you imagine the met or moma in nyc attempting this? it would be unworkable. the parking situation is fine too, yes, you have to walk, but you can find space.
