It's fantastic - of course - the art, the galleries, the ambiance. But the lunch cafe is really poorly organized. They need to reconfigure the flow of people, food access and payment. Currently, whether or not you want to order hot food/drinks, or just get a sandwich and bottled drink from the refrigerator, everyone has to be in the SAME line. They have a sign called "grab and go" which is a joke as there's no grabbing and going anywhere!The cafe at the CA Academy of Sciences is so much better organized. The manager of this cafe needs to walk over the concourse and see how it's done.
The DeYoung Museum offers some great special and featured exhibits ranging from classic to modern.  My last visit before this time was the Dutch Paintings from the Mauritshuis, including the renowned Girl with a Pearl Earring by Johannes Vermeer while their museum was under renovations.  What a coup for us to be able to see the Dutch Mona Lisa right in our backyard.  All featured exhibits including the current Oscar De La Renta is for an additional fee if you are not a member.  However, this time we were there to see a special exhibit that was included in the general admission price, the Royal Hawaiian Featherwork: Nā Hulu Ali'i, most of which is from the Bishop Museum in O`ahu.  Although I have seen most of the pieces on a previous visit to the Bishop, there were pieces there from private collectors and universities around the country and world like New Zealand.  Anyone who is from the islands or Hawaiian at Heart would appreciate seeing this before it closes on 4/10.  After their tour is over, they will all return back to Hawai`i, their original home.
I've lived within 1 mile from de Young for years and finally checked it out yesterday. Man, now I wish I've done this earlier!The collection is very eclectic. From African artifact to modernist painting to photography to contemporary fashion design, they've got everything. Also, the panoramic view on top of the 9-story Hamon Tower is amazing too!
Such a lovely place. One of the better museums in the Bay Area and one of the cheapest too. $10 for an adult, $6 for an adult, and free on the first weekend of the month if you show them your Bank of America Card! What a steal! There are plenty of painting and art pieces. There is a lot of early America's type of vibe going on here, but there is still plenty with the international front as well. This place has much to look at, and time will fly bye while you're here. It might be a bit boring for the kids or someone who doesn't appreciate art, but otherwise you'll love this place. Also, make sure to check out the tower to get some lovely views! It's great.
One of the mornings on my recent trip to San Francisco was a surprise visit to the de Young Museum to view the Royal Hawaiian Feather display.  I've seen many of the items on view at the Bishop Museum however there were a number of capes and headdresses on loan from other Museums and private collections making this a wonderful walk thru of Hawaiian culture with some items over 400 years old.Up close you can also view the tiny birds from which the feathers are collected and the intricate patterns used on the items.  The history of each item is posted stating the dignitary it belonged to, how they obtained it, i.e., gifted by the King or queen, and who's collection it now resides.  A beautiful presentation of Hawaiian art and culture and includes the items gifted to Captain Cook who was later killed by the same King.We were also lucky to take a ride to the rooftop observation deck for an awesome 360 degree view of the city.  Beautiful place.  Gift shops available for both the exhibits and the main floors.  I made my purchases to support both the exhibit and the museum.
A terrific collection of artworks here in this lovely structure. The art was nicely separated and not bunched up, giving an opportunity to enjoy each piece. Free docent tours at random times, though the docent who took us around was a bit at a loss for words especially when one of the pieces she wanted to show us was out on tour. Oops.While backpacks are permitted, they can not be work on front or back. I'm sure there's logic to this, but they do have a free coat check room. No lockers, but this will have to do.Don't miss the elevator to the top of the 9th floor observation deck. It's not high high, but it's pretty good!Dali, Warhol, Copley, etc. Great masters, terrific artworks including paintings, sculptures, silver and furniture.
Parking on Tuesday: aaaawwwfffuuulll! But the museum: goooorrrggggeeeeous. Deal with the parking & don't miss out on this amazing museum. I went with a friend for a florist event, where the created arrangements influenced by a specific art piece. It was wonderful!
Beautiful place!My initial thought when I saw this building was that it looked like a portion of a battle ship from Star Wars lol. My friend took me here to the top floor and I thought it was beautiful. You could see an astonishing amount of San Francisco.This would be an ideal place for a reception after a wedding if they transformed it into that! Ugh, would love to come here during night time. Really pretty.Go. Now.
So you're far from artsy but your in San Fran and you're trying to do something more than eat and drink...maybe you're even trying to impress your companion with how incredibly sophisticated you are. Why not venture over to the de Young museum and cap it off with a walk through the botanical gardens? Turns out as boring as that may sound, you'll score a good amount of points for ignoring your initial instincts and possibly even enjoy yourself. There's tons to see here, from painting and glass sculptures to artifacts dating back before Christ. I mean who doesn't want to see something Jesus might have missed? My favorite part was actually all of the ceremonial masks. Surrounding the de Young is a myriad of other point scoring experiences so you really can't go wrong here.Try it or Pass by it Final WordTry it men. If nothing else it will sharpen your ability to "notice" and offer positive opinions... unless of course that's already your specialty.
Visiting art museums is one of my favourite things to do. Living in SF, I really, really wish I had better things to say about de Young. Let's start with the positives:- the viewing gallery offers a great view of San Francisco- it's located in a very beautiful part of Golden Gate Park- the building itself is quite handsome ... and that's about all I can think of. To be fair, I didn't spend a ton of time in the permanent collection area. The collection of American paintings seems extensive, but I found the arrangement quite hard to navigate. Now I will start ranting about my most recent visit, and sadly it's a pretty standard experience I've had with de Young so far. The exhibition:  Oscar de la Renta: The Retrospective (a blockbuster exhibition just from the title).1. Ticket price: $38 with audio guide for a less than 1-hour exhibition, that's more expensive than most European museums. 2. Getting into the show: On our first try, my friend and I got there at 12:30 pm. We were running a bit short on time, but the lady at ticket counter ensured us that we could finish by 1:30, so we proceeded with the purchase. However, when we got to the entrance the staff said we needed to wait till 1pm to get in. Naturally the first attempt was a failure, but luckily we were allowed to change to tickets for another day. This time, we were again told to wait in line for entrance and all the staff seemed very impatient (maybe due to how popular this exhibition was). But we got in nevertheless. 3. The curation: This is a super interesting theme and they have some very exciting pieces of work from Oscar de la Renta, but the curation was very odd. Here's why: 1. In the first room, the dresses and the explanatory signs were not arranged in matching order, which was very confusing. 2. Some dresses were placed facing away from the audience with the intention of showing off the details on the back. However, in most exhibitions the mannequins would be placed in front of a mirror so people can see the front as well. Well, not de Young (at least not until the last room). 3. All of the dresses on display were made to measure, therefore they don't always fit the mannequins. In the souvenir book of this exhibition there are photos of clients wearing the dresses and descriptions of the occasions, but these details were lacking in the actual exhibition.4. One of the rooms was showcasing how the designer loved gardening and was inspired by gardens. There's a gigantic TV showing the views of a garden, but there was no description of where this garden is from whatsoever (we found out it was the designer's garden in the souvenir book)5. There were some random objects on display to help creating the atmosphere of a theme. For example, in the part where they show the oriental influence on the designer, the curators put a huge Chinese style vase along the dresses. There was an explanatory sign for the vase, but it simply says "borrowed from the mayor's office" (what? why?) without giving more details on which era it's from, or country of origin. Given that this is in a fine art museum, I found it very underwhelming. It'd have been better not to put any signs at all. I've been to 4 or 5 exhibitions in de Young, and was disappointed by the curation every single time. Given the ticket price for these shows, I probably won't go back any time soon.
A pretty great museum. de Young is one of those staple museums that almost everyone in SF goes to once in awhile. The best thing about this museum is that the first weekend of every month is free courtesy of Bank of America! Yay! It's quite large and the exhibits are arranged by era and geographical location. There's also a really lovely observation deck that will give some pretty spectacular views of the city that extend pretty far out. I'm not a huge art aficionado so it's hard for me to comment a ton on this, but the de Young is definitely a great place to spend an afternoon at. Tons of different exhibits -- paintings, portraits, sculptures, etc. tldr; great museum! lots of interesting things to explore
I'm a member of the FAMSF (Fine Art Museums of San Francisco) and I highly recommend you becoming one too!  The membership pays for itself if you bring a friend with you to all of their special exhibits.If you are out of town with no intention of becoming a member, I still recommend it.Nice amenities include a generous coat check and real orchids in the ladies' room.  It's the little things!Also, all of the security guards are super nice.  A lot of them are fans of art, just talk to them!
We came to see the Jewel City and William Worden exhibits. A docent warned us that it would get very crowded on closing day of the special exhibition, so we headed downstairs to the Jewel City exhibit first.It's too bad we couldn't take pictures at the Jewel City exhibit. I wanted a photo of the Star Maiden. If you were expecting to see pictures from the PPIE, you will be disappointed. The galleries were filled with the works of art that were actually on display at the Palace of Fine Arts in 1915. There were many forms of art, including paintings, prints, and sculptures. Included were photos showing how the art was arranged on the walls.  It was originally arranged rather densely, "salon style".The galleries were very crowded by the time we arrived at the Jewel City gift shop. I managed to avoid temptation and not buy anything. But I was tempted by so many things. After that, we headed back upstairs to see the William Worden exhibit.The PPIE only comprises a small portion of Worden's work on display. I really liked his nighttime PPIE photos, they were impressive. You also learn that he liked close-ups of seagulls. But my favorite photo was the one of Chinatown at night. You could see the street illuminated by Chinese lanterns.Admission is $10 for adults, but there is an added fee for the special exhibits.
A member for many years, I think the De Young Museum is one of the crown jewels of the City.The current Oscar De la Renta exhibit is terrific. Well worth the trip. Looking forward to the annual Bouquet de Arts. Staff is very helpful and the Cafe is busy, fun and expensive. Also-  love the Wayne Theibaud pieces. Look for parking on Fulton Street.
It's nicely located in golden gate park, the tower (for free! no admission) presents you a nice view over the city and parts of the bay, the architecture is interesting but nothing special... and so is the art collection. Too bad, I love museums but this one couldn't catch me. Parts of the museum are far too dark.The staff is very nice and they have a lovely garden.
Here for Oscar de La rente exhibit, courtesy of Shanti Project. Should be interesting!
This is a great museum to spend a couple of hours at. They have a very diverse collection and it seems like their rotating shows are great too. Overall, it's small but definitely worth the trip.First Tues of the month there's free admission! Sold. I wandered around amongst the rooms. I loved the paintings. Not so much into all the tribal relics they had, but it was kinda neat to browse. Definitely some weird/interesting things in that area too! Really nice little cafe. Lots of vegan and gluten free snacks to choose from. You can grab a glass of wine and sit on their patio if it's a nice day too.I haven't done the tower yet because I ran out of time, but I heard that's always free so I'll make an attempt to go back sometime when the land is free of Karl the Fog's dirty grasp.
What a wonderful place to have just a few blocks from my house. If you think you might come more than once a year buy a membership and support art.Don't skip the Hudson River School! This is where you'll find me.
This review is for the Oscar de la Renta exhibit, not the entire museum.So very disappointed.  The clothes were beautiful but the presentation was ghastly.  First, most of the outfits could only be seen from a small range of angles-want to know what the back looks like?  Well, too bad.More important, however, is that the lighting is absolutely terrible.  Incredibly dim.  Sometimes you have to read the info sheets to find out what color something is!  This is an exhibit suitable for owls and bats only.  Maybe try smuggling in a flashlight, maybe.The rest of the museum is first class.  I don't know what happened here, but this exhibit was enormously disappointing.
How have I never visited this place before? Aware of my oversight, this was on the to-do list the last time I was in SF. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that the museum was free that day (perhaps always now?). After wandering through their "Jewel City" exhibit, I went up the observation tower (also free with admission) and was treated to probably the best view of the city I've had yet. That alone was worth going, but seeing their art collection was very cool as well. It's not such a huge museum that it feels overwhelming, either. It's worth a look!STEPH JUDGEMENT: Great art museum in the heart of Golden Gate Park with an observation tower that is a must.
Saturday, 1:00 PM.Quickie:+ Organized+ Clean+ Fun staffAnd then...?We're regular visitors, but this time it was for the Monet exhibition. Add this to your list!
I only went to the tower because our tour guide suggested that it was a must if you're at Golden Gate Park and I'm so glad we did! It is completely free to go up to the tower and the view is amazing! You can see how tiny the city actually is! Definitely a must if you are in golden gate park and looking to do things for FREE!
Dear De Young,Next time you decide to close at 4pm on a Friday, it'd be lovely if it were posted on the website!   And not some obscure link you'd have to click on, we later found out.  And Elisa (sp?) at the front counter who gave us our tickets, please try and not be so snarky to people who are clearly upset that they have exactly 15 minutes to see a show they've been planing for a month.  "Have fun!" in your chirpy voice surely was the wrong attitude.
Probably more remarkable for its architecture than its actual art collection, the de Young is nevertheless is a must-see when visiting Golden Gate Park.  While there are some notable works here by the likes of Pablo Picasso, Diego Rivera, Georgia O'Keefe, and others, the majority of the artwork, especially those on the second floor, are anthropological in nature - objects from the Americas, Africa, and Oceania.  What really stands out here is the building's copper-plated exterior designed by architectural firm Herzog and de Meuron.  As time passes, the building's brown color will assume a greenish hue to match the surrounding environs thanks to oxidization - a process that has already begun in the years since the museum's re-opening.Of the things you can do here, I would highly recommend the following: First, be sure to check out the observation tower, as the views of the area are spectacular.  While you won't find the stunning panoramic views of San Francisco like you would at the Marin Headlands, you will have a lovely view of the Academy of Science, Golden Gate Park, and Sutro Tower.  You should also be able to see the Golden Gate Bridge and the Transamerica Building  peaking out over the tops of not-so-distant hills.  I'm under the impression that you could get away with visiting the observation tower without a ticket, as nobody seemed to be checking stickers or tickets from the entryway to the elevator.  And, second, don't forget to visit the Osher sculpture garden.  There are many interesting sculptures that are sure to entertain children and adults alike.  The pathway leading up to James Turrell's "Three Gems" is like a secret passageway lined with bamboo.  The structure itself is striking and peaceful, and it's interesting to see how people react when they realize how their voices have echoed upon reaching the center room.  There are ceramic apples littered around the grounds that are perfect for funny photo opportunities. Like the observation tower, I'm under the impression that you don't need paid admission to enter the area.Otherwise, take advantage of the fact that admission ($10 for adults / higher for special exhibitions) to the de Young also counts as admission to the nearby Legion of Honor - another smaller art museum with classical architecture that specializes in European artwork.  If you come early enough in the morning, especially on weekends, you can often find street parking along Hagiwara Tea Garden Drive.  If you're not willing to circle, then there are garages underneath the music concourse.  Either way, there's so much to do in the area and in Golden Gate Park that it's not a problem if you have to pay for parking.Unless you read every caption, listen to the audio tour, or need frequent breaks, you probably won't spend the entire day at the de Young.  This isn't the Met.  But, that's okay; museums shouldn't gobble up all your time when there are so many other awesome things to do in the surrounding area!
Every time I have gone to the de Young, I have always left amazed. Each of the exhibits are unique and fascinating in their own way and the museum always has really interesting exhibitions. My friend and I went on a really misty day, which was the perfect day to go to a museum. I was really captivated by the Royal Hawaiian Featherwork exhibition and the Portals of the Past exhibition. The de Young is in every sense of the term, a world-class art museum. After you view all of the amazing pieces and exhibits, make sure to go up the elevator to the observation tower. You'll find an amazing view of the park and the city that you can't afford to miss!
Was here recently. Too amazing just walking from one era of great artisanry to another. The forms and styles, regions of the world, and architecture of each gallery is not to be missed either!Go to an auditorium and listen to a free lecture, or follow and docent led tour and learn something new!
This place is great! Went in for the Oscar DelaRenta exhibit. The museum is not the cleanest, bathrooms etc but a nice place to hang out and be inspired.
Went specifically to see the Oscar De La Renta exhibit, it was breathtaking!! Walked around afterwards since we had plenty of time and this museum is so special.
Let me state up front, I am not much of a fan of modernist art.  So, being that this museum mostly has such type of art, I was not as fascinated in this museum as I was in the Legion of Honor.  However, I came for the Jewel City exhibit.  I have wanted to see this exhibit about the SF World's Fair from the Victorian era.  I have read books about the one held in Chicago and as a kid recall going to the Palace of Fine Arts where the Exploratorium use to be.  So yes, I was very excited about going to this museum.  But sadly, I was disappointed with the exhibit.  I expected to see more.  It was just one small room with a few sculptures and paintings.  Perhaps if my boyfriend and I paid $8 for the guided tour headphones it would have been more fascinating but we did not want to pay that!  The only thing that I truly enjoyed  about this museum was going to the top floor and seeing the view of San Francisco.  It was truly amazing as you can see all of Golden Gate Park with some of the Golden Gate Bridge in a distance! Pros:-great view of Golden Gate Park and more from the top floor of the de Young  -lots to see but mostly Modernist art-interesting temporary exhibits like the Jewel City-fascinating architectural building -sort of built like an upside down triangle with the largest level being on the top (the viewing area)-great way to learn about cultures and their influence in the artworldCons:-gift shop is pricey-you need to be a fan of modern/contemporary art overall to really enjoy yourself here (I prefer the Legion of Honor where the art is more focused on realism, detailed and historical)-temporary exhibits may not be as great as expected
Honestly, I am kinda disappointed by the deYoung and don't enjoy this museum as much as others in the bay. For some reason, I thought this place would be bigger considering how it looks from the outside. I find the collections to be kind of lack luster and not too memorable to me overall. There is a good variety of stuff to look at and they constantly change their special exhibits. I only come here on free days, however, and they charge extra for those exhibits, so I've never seen one. On top of that, the workers I've encountered are usually dismissive and even slightly rude. I also felt like the security guards constantly followed me because I was carrying a backpack (don't recommend you bringing one if you come here!). It just created an uncomfortable environment for me when I was just trying to look at and enjoy the art.With that being said, there are some pretty cool things about the museum though! I like the location of the deYoung, situated right in Golden Gate Park with a nice, serene area around it. I also love the architecture. It's definitely not a kind of aesthetic for everyone, but I love the geometric, blocky structure. Like many reviews have said, the highlight of this museum is definitely the observation tower! Awesome 360 panorama of the park, the science museum across the way, and the city. You would not want to miss then if you visit the deYoung!
Just like visiting most other museums, locals come to de Young mainly for the special exhibitions besides its permanent collection. While the current "Jewel City: Art from San Francisco's Panama-Pacific International Exposition" ending in January of 2016, I really look for the "Bouquets to Art" for only one week in April 2016.Membership is a great deal. For all year around special exhibitions, one ticket is about $20 - $30 (permanent collection included.) However, one individual membership fee costs $99, with which you can bring a guest to visit the museum for unlimited times. Two visits with a friend would make it all back. Plus, payment is regarded as donation that you can claim tax benefit. Parking could be a challenge unless you arrive within one hour after museum opens. Don't even think about finding a free or paid parking spot when it gets close to noon time.
Really enjoyed the Turner exhibit, and it's not even really my style! Huge, well-organized, and of course, both beautiful and informative.I only had 2-ish hours, and the Turner ate up at least 1 of those, but we did manage to squeeze in the contemporary and 20th-century American sections, both of which I loved. I personally hate statues (FML as an art-lover) because I'm kind of afraid of them (? Sigh), but would have many more options here if I were all about them.A lot smaller than what I'm used to (Met in NYC, MFA in Boston), but I wasn't necessarily wanting for more, either. Annoyingly expensive, but save $2 with evidence of Muni/BART use! :P
Wow I was scanning my old reviews and this place was my first, and I had never updated it...I think it is time.It is a nice, Very modern building with beautiful landscaping around it I love the ponds just past it and the area in front from the Worlds Fair is art on its own...The art is good and they get some really good special exhibits though those can be spendy.  Don't miss the American collection ranging from Native American works to abstract to a collection of local artists.The building finished in 2005 is designed to blend into the park setting covered in copper which is expected to weather green. The first floor houses the entrance, gift shop, a cafe with outside (but roofed) seating, art and plantings in glassed in courtyards as well as art,Don't miss the tower,  it is free so stop in if you are walking by,  the observation deck is a bit above tree hight and has terrific views.  I only wish the windows were a bit taller as I have to stoop to really take in the views.  But then I am taller then most...Finally the museum is closed Mondays and major holidays. It is free the second Tuesday of the month, and is open late most Fridays.
The neighboring Academy of Sciences always seemed to draw larger crowds (maybe because it's more popular with families) for which I'm grateful because I like the de Young Museum more anyways. The tower is the best part of the museum, which is free. You get a 360 degree view of the city, which is amazing on clear sunny days. If you want to look at the exhibits, general admission is $10 for adults. They give discounts if you show proof that you took public transportation, which is kinda awesome. It costs $15 extra if you want to check out the special exhibit showing, which I was not interested in. This is definitely the kind of art museum I love touring. With its vast spaciousness and minimalistic setup, I feel so peaceful and zen when walking around.The de Young Cafe is also a fun place to go afterwards. While their food & beverage selection is not impressive, there is plenty of seating indoors and outdoors to catch up with whoever you came to the museum with or just take a break before heading out to walking around Golden Gate Park again. The de Young Museum is a great place to take out-of-town guests. Though public transportation is always a good choice to get here, there is also a parking structure nearby... or you can always park at a meter in the Sunset District and walk. I'm already reminiscing about my time here!
The Turner exhibit is an absolute must-see for any art enthusiast. Seriously, who wants to pass up a chance to see the namesake of the prestigious Turner Award for fine art? Not me. The collections are varied, the museum architecture interesting, and the employees friendly and helpful. I saw a review that called the de Young the "poor man's Met." To that I say, bye Felicia. Enjoy each museum as its own experiences, and don't go around comparing apples to oranges or both fruits will go spoiled!All in all, a wonderful experience. Come visit!
I've been walking by the de Young museum almost every time I come to San Francisco and have never gone in.  Time to fix that situation.The line for tickets was surprisingly long for 2:30 PM.  First stop was the American section, heavily influenced by European art obviously, with portraits, furniture, historical settings, landscapes, statues, and silverware galore.  My favorites are still the landscapes; the detail captured in each sunset-lit mountain and forest is extraordinary.  Further on was the impressionist section and post-impressionist work, including two paintings by Salvador Dali.  Overall, it was fascinating to see the transition in art style, particularly in painting more realistic faces.  On the same floor were statues and masks from New Guinea, Northern Africa, and Indonesia.  Quickly skimmed through this section.  Interesting contrast to the American artwork, but most of the pieces were made fairly recently (mid-1900s) so I wasn't struck by a sense of authenticity.  Still, it was fascinating to see how all these different cultures designed their gods and their rituals.Back on the first floor, decided to check out the Mesoamerican section.  Wow.  This section is definitely worth checking out.  There are so many well preserved artifacts that are 1400+ years old, both murals and clay figures, that it's kind of mind boggling to think about.  Also it was fascinating to learn more about Mayan culture through the figurines, tools, and art displayed.  This section leads into the modern art wing, first through sculptures and then to the paintings.  The sculptures were really fun to look at, but modern paintings only continue to puzzle me.  All in all, it took about 2 hours to walk around the permanent collection, and I consider it time well spent.
Excellent! Check everything out, but absolutely do not miss James Turrell's Three Gems skyspace. I could spend so much time there.
This museum is so fun, and right in the heart of San Francisco at the Golden Gate Park. We arrived right when the museum opened -- was able to get parking along the street (inside the park) for free. They check your purse quickly to make sure you're not carrying any random weapons, etc. and off you go to either the member-only line or the non-member line to pick up your museum entrance ticket.They place a sticker on you after you buy the ticket! My ticket was FREE because I used my BofA debit card (all BofA members get free entrance to this museum on the 1st weekend of the month). Score! We still had to pay for my husband's regular adult ticket though, at $10.We went immediately to the top floor to check out the skyline view of the city. Wow, good thing we did because there was no one there but us! Un-obstructed views of the city! :) Then we ventured downstairs to visit all the exhibits...Can't believe they also have some Dali paintings (which are from Spain)! We were just in Spain and visited the Dali museum, so we picked up on the paintings immediately. It was a fun day to explore this museum and you can probably finish in 1.5-2.5 hours.Be sure to check out the outdoor sculpture garden, that was fun!It started to get super packed as we were leaving, too!
Splendid place with superb professional staff.  Plenty of room to roam and take your sweet time.  The cafe is excellent which serves great coffee and fresh pastries.  The observation floor is a must see and gives you an incredible view of the surrounding area.
The ticket is pretty cheap considering the quality of exhibition. If you take bus here, they will deduct $2 from your ticket. There are many free tours throughout the day. Highly recommend to join in the tours. Listen someone telling the stories is way better the read the descriptions by yourself. I felt like I learned so much and was able to notice many things I would not be able to notice by listening to the tour guide. Tour guides are super friendly and knowledgeable about the exhibition. I like the design of the building itself too. Go to the tower to take a view of San Francisco is great too.
PoorMan's MetExcept itCosts extra toSee special shows. Great views from the tower.
At last!  A modern art museum that doesn't suck!  In fact, I really enjoyed the works here and wound up having a great time both times I visited.  Come at the right time, there are also concerts.  It's truly a great museum to visit even if you don't like modern art.  Admission is $10 but if you have the San Francisco City Pass, it's included so definitely check it out.
Such artistic beauty forms the deYoung Museum. The permanent collection includes treasures while some temporary exhibits are spectacular. Seating is all over and there is a coat check, along with a cafe. Admission might depend on whether or not you want to see the temporary exhibit. I have visited this museum twice. The first time was when I saw the mummies exhibit. Most of the art is worldwide paintings and sculptures from the most recent two centuries. There were ancient pieces from Mexico. Some of the modern pieces were boring, but most were interesting.Take a good look at the deYoung Museum.
Had so much fun here with my parents! Really interesting works and great free tours!
Regular exhibits are good, but not great. 3 Stars. But the special exhibits can be awesome( Add a star). The museum is definitely worth a visit, especially a first visit year round. If you can, I would avoid the weekends and bringing toddlers not in a stroller.The De Young is in Golden Gate Park, which is worth a visit, and shares a massive underground parking garage with the California Academy of Science, which is marvelous and a delight for children. Hours:Tuesdays-Sundays9:30 am-5:15 pmFridays9:30 am-8:45 pmMarch 28-November 28Adult Tickets: $10Student / Youth: $6I would agree with most people, especially locals, that the De Young Museum is an architectural atrocity, with fake fault line at the main entrance a joke. But the 360 degree view from the tower is spectacular.
This is a beautiful museum located in Golden Gate park, across from the California Academy of Sciences. Admission is free every 1st Tuesday of the month. Make sure to head up to the Observation Tower for gorgeous views of Golden Gate Park and even see views of the ocean. The museum is massive, and the building itself is really unique.Every Friday night, they host an after hours party until 8:45 pm. Every week is a different theme, but expect live music, hands-on art projects, a film screening, and pop-up bars. The party is actually free to attend, but won't gain you admission to the exhibits. Admission tickets to the de Young include same-day general admission to the Legion of Honor (special exhibition fees not included). Also, receive a $2 discount with proof of purchase from any Bay Area public transportation system, including BART, Muni, Caltrain, and more.
Damn, de Young, you sexy!No, but really, this is one sexy museum. First, there is the amazingly easy parking. Yeah, that is a thing that exists in San Francisco and it's at the deYoung. Also, the amazing tower which has the best view of the city.  THE BEST. Oh, yeah, and the art. The art of it all. I just really love this museum and can spend ages walking around it's halls and appreciating all the beauty around me.The only complaint I have is how confusing their online ticketing system is. I bought tickets for the Georgia O'Keefe exhibit and then bought admission tickets and then when we got there they told me I only needed to buy one or the other. So confusing and I'm a fairly technologically advanced individual.
Would highly recommend a tour guide for anyone not well versed in the past several centuries of world history.  The most unexpected item on display: a (wooden) banana scalpel. Still haven't figured out whether it was purely art, or was actually used for something.
I've been wanting to check out the de Young for the longest, but never found the time or the money to go. Finally, I went one night due to no time restraints and free admission after 5pm.Drag Queen event was going on and it livened up the place, but I went to check all the Art there. Amazed at the Indigenous American, New Guinea and African Art. Mostly free to see the permanent exhibits.One I wanted to see was the Hawaiian Headdress, but it wasn't free and during this particular night, not enough time as it was closing soon.Overall, great displays. Bathroom is unbelievably clean, friendly staff. Parking was available in Golden Gate Park's roads, but you can also pay to park in the garage.
Amazing visit on BOA free museum weekend. It's good for both kids and adults. I was inspired by those art exhibits. If you go to the tower, you could see the entire view for San Francisco.
I love museums in general, especially art museums. However, one must realize de Young is not your usual art museum -- you must be a seasoned art connoisseur to appreciate it, otherwise, you will find the architecture of the building to be their most aesthetic offering, and the art itself bland.
A really nice, if bizarrely priced and poorly signed, art museum experience.  The building itself is a veritable work of art, and worth gazing at from various angles - including from the observation tower and from the upper gallery.  It has a really sweet view of most of the city too.  The permanent collection of American art is nicely presented and diverse, and a good value at $10 for adults.  (yes, this includes entry to the observation tower)What was weirder, and worth preparing for, is the temporary exhibit, parking and signage situations.  The Keith Haring exhibit (Google him, he's famous) was a whopping $29, plus another $7 for an audio guide.  Apparently this institution knows something I don't, because there were massive crowds lining up to see just that, while the permanent collections were almost devoid of visitors.  Or it might be that people had to line up for tickets to ask basic questions like "where is the exhibit entrance and can I buy a ticket separately?" because there were no visible signs indicating entrance location or that you could buy regular tickets at the same counter as the (heavily advertised!) Keith Haring exhibit, for 70% less.Also, they REALLY don't want you to drive here.  The parking is among the most expensive in the city (over $5 per hour) and they give you a $2 discount (per ticket!) if you can show a muni pass.  If you're going to drive (I'll admit it, I did) the entrance to the underground garage is at 10th Ave and Fulton St.
After reading some reviews down below I discovered there is an observation tower at De Young that you can enter for free, which unfortunately I did not know about when I visited the museum recently. It inspired me to write a review in which I recommend everyone to go into De Young's sculpture garden when you visit the museum, and take a look at James Turrell's 'Skyspace'. This work is easy to be missed when you go to the museum, because it is hidden at the back of the garden. Just the experience of this work made the museum visit totally worth for me. You sit inside a round chamber with an oculus cut in the roof throughout which you can see the sky. Due to LED lightning inside of the chamber and the way the chamber is built I felt like I was sitting both inside and outside, and the sight of clouds slowly passing by, while all sounds from the outer world are muted, is super restful and brings you in a contemplative mood. I never did any meditation but I think this work had a meditative impact on me. A great work of art, so please do not miss it.deyoung.famsf.org/about/…
I'm a fan. I have been to the DeYoung many times throughout the years. Usually come for a special exhibit and then explore the main galleries if we have time. It is a beautiful museum, well kept and they bring in a lot of great exhibits. Watch the online calendar for whats going on before you go. The first Tuesday of the Month is Free admission and the first full weekend of the month is free to BofA card holders. Call ahead to see if the special exhibit is included. I talk to someone who said that the Tuesday's included the special exhibit but the BofA deal didn't so just call and be sure. The downside is really the crowd. It can get very busy during the end of an exhibit. I strongly suggest buying tickets early online and going earlier in the day.
Very cool art museum to check out! The first time I went I was actually given free admission by a random stranger; I was just sitting outside when a lady asked me if I wanted to check out the exhibit. Apparently her friend was unable to go, so she asked if I wanted to go with her. Only in San Francisco! It was a pretty cool exhibit, and I could spend hours checking things out inside. The second time I went I saw the Keith Haring exhibit which was pretty cool as well!
If you are thinking of visiting, definitely plan to visit both the Legion and the De Young (in Golden Gate park) on the same day, one general admission paid at either covers both, for the same day. IMO then you get what you pay for, and plan on about three hours total between both and you'll have pretty much have experienced what they have to offer.The collection's focus could be said to the Art of the Central and Northern hemispheres indigenous peoples, and then "American" art of the 1700-1900's, then there are large displays of Art from the peoples of Oceania, Indonesia, New Guinea, and  Africa, with a couple of galleries displaying "Contemporary Modern Art."Access from the (expensive but handy) parking garage is handy.
Golden Gate park is pretty. You have flower gardens, Victorian conservatories, fountains and rolling grassy hills. The de Young museum nestled right smack in the middle of the park looks kinda like a bomb shelter, no?   A little dark, a little monochrome and a little boxy. Maybe it's pretty to some...but this is the place to be opinionated and I say it's a little..less pretty.Good thing what it holds inside makes up for it's exterior aesthetic. I was lucky to see Keith Haring's work, known for his bold ideas, colors and political statements. It was an incredible exhibit to see, along with the rest of the museum. Walking through the park to the museum was a lovely afternoon/date/escape from the city and very recommended. I was there on a Tuesday morning and loved the discount I received from coming here on the BART! It was unfortunately extremely crowded, even for a weekday morning. The observatory still had incredible views of the city (definitely didn't need to pay to go up to the Coit tower after this) and there was a lot of outdoor space to relax.
Please note, my review is only for the free section of the museum. With that said, let's begin.Now having lived just a few blocks down, I've been here only several of times, usually with buddies from out of town. I also have an Academy of Sciences membership so I make my photography session include sights from this museum as well. What's nice is that more than half the museum is free to enter by non members.One particular area of interest is the tower with it's astonishing views. I remember the first time coming here and finding out about this awesome free section. It was really clean and had glass windows all around. You can see treasure island and many other awesome sights of SF from up there. It sure beats driving through twin peaks just to get to the top and freeze our bums off.The rest of the museum was also pretty interesting if you're into the historic art pieces. They didn't have too much abstract art work but there will still be a very large array of historic items worth checking out.Minus one star for making me hold my backpack in my hand in areas of the museum where there were absolutely no art pieces around. I understand they don't want people knocking things over but having to hold my backpack throughout the entire museum sucked...
Well designed, spacious, thoughtful collections, polite staff, fantastic membership benefits, this is definitely a treasure of the bay. I often grab some refreshments at their cafeteria, before or after, which definitely helps the experience.
I had a class assignment to explore the museum and I came pretty close minded about my visit. Was pleasantly surprised! Two negative things: - The Commute (BART+Muni)Would recommend setting aside a portion of your day (morning, afternoon, evening) especially if you're commuting! - The 2-for-1 Tickets. When you buy admission to one, you get admission to another museum that's kind of far away. Not impossible, but don't think there's enough time in the day to thoroughly go through both + they aren't that close together. First impression was that the building itself was beautiful, very clean and pristine looking. When I got a map, it was nice that it had "tour suggestions" with exhibits to visit with limited amounts of time, if you had children, etc. You can't bring large bags, but the check in is downstairs and pretty easy to find! I ended up just walking around and ended up visiting all the exhibits and trying to absorb as much as I could. My favorite piece is probably one many are familiar with, but the wood panels hanging off the ceiling - a good place to rest or "people watch" since it was a popular exhibit!
We went to the de Young for the Keith Haring exhibit, which was fantastic. They had a a large collection of some of Haring's characteristic pieces, which were presented in a cool fashion. We didn't do the audio tour, but in a way I thought it was fun to see the art without someone's heavy handed interpretation. There was a pretty cool 30 minute movie about the progression of Haring's art, although it was a little bit devoid of details about Haring's life.After the exhibit, then we spent a little bit of time checking out the rest of the museum, which I was only moderately interested in. I didn't find it to be particularly impressive or even well organized, and I wouldn't rush to go back.The other big negative was that that tickets with the special exhibit were almost $30 dollars. While I enjoyed the exhibit, that is hardly making art accessible to the general public.
I love visiting de Young, the state-of-the-art (-for-now) copper-clad angular building that integrates nature, art and architecture. Free to visit the tower - no ticket needed. The permanent galleries aren't bad, but that's the thing. The pieces don't rotate. They're permanent. Pop in for some art, stay for the A/C. Every year, I get my membership dues worth by taking advantage of the unlimited free admission to check out the special exhibits. Even though I'm quite the jeans and t-shirt type, I've really enjoyed all the haute couture exhibits.  I've enjoyed many interesting, beautiful and/or thoughtful special exhibits at de Young, some of which include: * Modernism from the National Gallery of Art: The Robert & Jane Meyerhoff Collection* "A book like hundred flower garden": Walasse Ting's 1 ¢ Life (Innnnnnnnnteresting....)* The Bay Bridge: A Work in Progress, 1933-1936* Modern Nature: Georgia O'Keeffe and Lake George (Quite lovely)* The Art of Bulgari: La Dolce Vita & Beyond, 1950-1990 (sooooo sparkly)* Richard Diebenkorn: The Berkeley Years, 1953-1966 (my favorite of his body of work)* Girl with a Pearl Earring: Dutch Paintings from the Mauritshuis (Hey! I saw this in a ScarJo movie...)* Rembrandt's Century* Rudolf Nureyev: A Life in Dance* The Fashion World of Jean Paul Gaultier: From the Sidewalk to the Catwalk (Soooo cool. Loved the talking mannequins.)* Masters of Venice: Renaissance Painters of Passion and Power from the Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna* Picasso: Masterpieces from the Musée National Picasso, Paris (huge line to enter the special exhibit, huge line to see Starry Night, very crowded)* Balenciaga and Spain* Van Gogh, Gauguin, Cézanne and Beyond: Post-Impressionist Masterpieces from the Musée d'Orsay* Birth of Impressionism: Masterpieces from the Musée d'Orsay (Degas, Monet, Renoir, Sisley, Pissarro, Manet)* Warhol Live* Maya Lin: Systematic Landscapes* Dale Chihuly (quite fun! I liked walking through the tunnel with gazillion Chihuly pieces overhead)* Yves Saint Laurent * Quilts of Gee's Bend* Tutankhamun and the Golden Age of the Pharaohs. I paid something like $26.99 member price ($32.99 for non-members). The exhibit was advertised as including many new and exciting elements not seen in previous versions of the exhibition, including a revised version of the catalogue, a new audio tour, and additional artifacts from Tutankhamun's tomb. Interesting, but kind of meh. * Vivienne Westwood (fun punk fashion pieces)Bouquet to Arts, the floral eye-candy design showcase, is week-long annual springtime tradition and requires only general admission tickets. I put this spectacular event on my calendar every year. One year, the museum hosted a free afternoon tea for all members! They still offer the afternoon tea during Bouquet to Arts, but it's no longer complimentary.For the avid de Young fan, annual membership is a fabulous way to support the museum and save money. Membership includes:* Unlimited free admission for one member and a guest to the permanent collections and most special exhibitions at the de Young and the Legion of Honor* Invitations to special members-only events and viewing hours (smaller crowds!!)* Priority ticketing for special exhibitions* Discounts at the de Young and Legion of Honor Museum Stores* Free subscription to the Fine Arts member magazine and e-NewsFree insightful and interactive guided tours. The tour groups can be quite large, especially during the first few weekends of a big exhibition opening. For the permanent gallery tours, the groups are much smaller. I took a guided tour on a weekend morning in-between exhibitions and I had the tour guide all to myself. Don't miss the audio tour (small fee) if you enjoy hearing little stories and history associated with selected pieces.
The collection is solid, especially the American wing. Bierstadt, Parker, Diebenkorn, Thiebaud. There is so much to savor here. But I must protest: the docent-nazis are excessively harsh upon attack, announcing new rules in the galleries with a loud and militantly angry voice. These are petty tyrants with too much license. No gallery was spared from the self-righteous bombast. Even the woman in charge of security for the tower observation deck was unnecessarily harsh and insulting, refusing to answer simple questions in favor of doling out personal insults. Outrageous.The collection: ADocent-nazis: F
The de Young is one of the top museums in the US. It is a definite "must see" when visiting San Francisco.  I still remember the outstanding "Fashion World of Jean Paul Gaultier" exhibit a few years ago. Really amazing works of art & museum.
Please update your hours for Friday!!! Came by and it was closed :( What a bummer.
I'm not what anyone would consider artsy, but I really loved visiting the de Young museum.  Located in Golden Gate Park, this museum is really beautiful and has art exhibits that would appeal to almost anyone.  We spent about two hours here on a Friday afternoon, but I could have easily wandered around a little longer to take everything in.  There are also some awesome exhibits on the grounds outside of the museum itself that are a joy to look at.  The employees are all really nice and always seemed to be on hand to answer any questions you may have.  The best part is that it only costs $10.00 for adults, which seemed like a steal for me!
The art is great, but the ticketing process is a disaster. I tried to purchase a ticket online. After entering all my information, I got a message saying that my email was already associated with an account which I must have created several years ago. There was no link for forgot password. I went back and started over and tried to login. I clicked on forgot password but nothing happened. I ultimately started over again, reentered everything and used a different email account. I am sure I won't remember the password for that either. I shouldn't have to set up an account to purchase a ticket,When I got to the museum there was a long line and no instructions for people who had purchased a ticket online. I asked someone who looked official. He told me to go to the will call line. There was someone sitting there with a closed sign in front of them. After about five minutes the window was opened. I was told that I already had a ticket. At a minimum there should have been signage telling people with bar codes what to do. After going through this frustration, I wasn't in much of a mood to enjoy the art.Also, the way the stanchions for the line was setup there was only about an 18 inch space for people going in and out to walk through. I think there need to be some personnel changes in the management of the ticketing department.
I've attended this event many times and was disappointed with the floral arrangements.  Many of them were poorly executed and sloppy.  The galleries were jammed with people which detracted from the enjoyment.  There were only about two arrangements that I admired.  Hopefully next year will be better.
Great cities should have great museums and this place has evolved into one of those. Building is a mystery tour of nooks and crannies, odd angles, and a lookout tower that's like a tree house above the park canopy. Their permanent shows are inspirational and I never tire from them, their rotating shows bring fresh blood and excitement. The current Turner opened my eyes suprisingly to his expressive work that is both detailed and expansive. Great coffee in the cafe, great outside sitting area, make sure you go into the dome, opening nights are a blast of San Francisco at its best - young hipsters to wealthy established family patrons all decked out in their best. Becoming a member is worth every penny
I will start by saying that I'm not an art expert. So there.De Young is a good museum to go to at least once. It's about $11.00 admission and will take a little over an hour to get through if you walk at my pace. There were definitely some cool pieces, but others, such as the furniture layouts, just didn't do much for me.It's in a nice area in the park though. Right outside you can see pretty fun sculptures and hang out with friends.
Never have I been so compelled to write a review before... until today! What should have been an enjoyable FIRST trip to the De Young museums turned out to be one of the WORST experiences I've ever had; needless to say this was my first and will be my last. Don't get me wrong, the various types of art on display was amazing; however, the staff could use some major work. Never have I felt so disrespected or embarrassed! It's only natural to want to take photos of some of the art within the museum, I will admit we may have stepped too close to one of the paintings but we in no way, shape or form, had any intention of doing harm or touching. In comes one of the rudest "employees" I've ever come into contact with shouting at us to step back and not touch the painting. First, we are adults here, there's no need to shout, had you POLITELY requested we step further back we would have happily complied, which is what we told this gentleman, he in turn said, "I don't care how you think I should do my job. The only thing you should be touching are the elevator buttons"  WOW REALLY?!! We weren't even trying to touch it! Second, where are the posted signs that say you have to be 2 feet away? Third, what would you say to people who have a hard time seeing the tiny print next to the paintings?!! Would you treat them the same way?? Trust me, as a nurse, I've had my fair share of old, crotchety people to deal with maybe even worse, but this was unbelievable. Had we not been so shocked by his HORRIBLE approach to the situation, I would have asked to speak to his supervisor immediately. I regret not doing so!So to the ASSHOLE of an employee who marred my first experience at this museum, thank you for also making it my last. I enjoyed the art I DO NOT appreciate as a paying customer to be treated so poorly. To the HR department, I really hope you're screening your employees thoroughly, for such a highly rated establishment your customer service is at an all time low.
Holy gigantic museum! My husband and I were not expecting this place to be so intense, but it was a fantastic surprise on our end. We had the city passes and decided to head on over to the museum with our tickets. Note that the city pass does not get you right in - you still have to wait in the main line and use your vouchers to get physical tickets. Not a big thing, but just something to know!After the line, we headed in. I have to say that there wasn't really a map or any way of knowing what we were heading into other than signage on the walls outside of the rooms. That made it difficult to tell if we had actually covered all of the options.Other than that though, this place was an absolute win. There are endless exhibits, tons of plaques with info, space to walk around and look, and it's definitely worth the price of a ticket if you are into fine art!Overall: AA ginormous museum that you may find yourself lost in for hours!!
First time here and love the space - I plan to get a membership and spend more time visiting.  We saw the Haring exhibit and it was well done.  Great variety and commentary - a bit crowded but that's what happens on the weekends.
Lovely building, great setup, large enough to kill a few hours. The Keith Haring exhibit was amazing. One of my favorite exhibitions in any museum, ever.Except the museum "security" caught me plugging my phone in, while in the lobby, to have a charge so I could take pictures in the museum, and was very rude to me about it. Treated me like a criminal. Rude and snarky. Totally unnecessary. Guess who WON'T be donating to de Young again?
This museum is a GEM!!!  It is a real surprise as it has great works of art. Almost as good as the National Museum of art in Washington, DC. The items from Africa were amazing as was the silverworks, furniture, paintings and busts. It is well worth your time. Parking can be difficult so I recommend the parking garage there. You will pay about $15 for 3 hours but at least you won't spend a n hour looking for a parking place.
Much Improved.In years past (before the renovation) there was always a mixture of pieces at the De Young, and the layout of the museum was pretty plain.  I'd been to the modern art museums in Chicago and New York, and as much of a Bay Area fan that I am, those other two cities had the De Young beat hands down for a long time.  And where the Guggenheim and Metro are still much larger than the De Young (although the De Young's collection is spread out over more than once facility; Legion of Honor), this new renovated facility has much increased and improved the amount of space and therefore art that one can see.  It now takes more than one day to see the whole building and collection, whereas before you could breeze through there in an hour or so to see mediocre art from various periods in US and California history.However, if you go there, be aware that if you on a rainy day  (as I did today), or a day requiring outer wear, that there is a Coat Check on the lower level.  As I bought a ticket and walked through with my black raincoat, cap and laptop in its case strolled over my shoulder, I seemed to grab a few looks from people.  Oh well.The museum store is exceptionally well stocked, and the prices for the big coffee table books are about on par with what you would pay at a major chain bookstore.  And the gift shot / bookstore is two stories, and exceptionally well stocked with books on artists of various disciplines and their work, including a very healthy section dedicated to kids and young adults.  There was the usual postcards, t-shirts and other merchandise, but the books and DVDs on art were what caught my attention.  Regrettably the one DVD I wanted, the documentary on Maya Lin, was not there, but a host of others were, including one about two middle income art aficionados who amassed a great collection of art "on the cheap" (an award winning documentary).The place is now almost too big, because I skipped the lower level exhibits, the tower, and another wing filled with art from another area of the globe, though today I did manage to see the Polynesian art as part of a collection of the Hawaiian exhibit that is currently being featured.  Larger, more art, an exceptional art oriented bookstore, and for a museum the prices are actually reasonable, I think I got more than my money's worth, including seeing docents in training as they lectured artists who sat on the floor asking questions about the displays.  And, the museum was busy.  Before the De Young always attracted a certain amount of traffic, but now it truly has art aficionados visiting.As usual Golden Gate park has some issues with parking, but I was able to park my vehicle securely under the Academy of Sciences and walk to the De Young.  New exhibits, including pieces I had only seen in books, and which I could get close to and look at, including the famous Polynesian mural, I'd say I got more than my money's worth.Definitely worth visiting at least once.
What a beautiful space. I went to the deYoung for Yelp's Anniversary Celebration. Aside from the provided food and drink in the private party room, Yelpers were given passes to view the Modernism exhibit, which was nice to walk through. The rest of the museum was open to the public so this place was buzzing the moment we stepped in. A live jazz show happened to be going on so while many people were milling around the grounds, a lot were seated enjoying the concert. The whole thing provided an elegant ambiance. I wouldn't mind checking out deYoung again whenever I'm back in town.
This is a nifty art museum nestled in the beloved Golden Gate Park.Parking in the park can be a nightmare, but luckily there's an underground parking structure nearby. Be prepared to spend some money on parking pretty much anywhere in the city. I spend 4 hours and 9 minutes here and parking was $22.50. It's a tad more on weekends.The museum itself is pretty big! I'd suggest taking a lunch break into between the 2 floors of art because you will get tired. I like how they do have ample bench seating throughout the exhibits though. You can't visit this place and not go up to to the 9th floor tower (free without admission!) and see the 360 views of the city. It's absolutely beautiful up there. They've got a mini gift shop up there of course too.Come look at some art!
The de Young is a great museum in a beautiful location. Each special exhibition has a small shop of its own. The cafe is large and has pre-made sandwiches and salads as well as a menu of options.
Unfortunately this review is based on the random extended emergency fire drill. Last time I checked this is 2015 and technology is way ahead of stunts like "emergency fire drills."What a f@ckin joke. Wrong time, wrong approach and just plain old W R O N G.
