What an amazing park! I'm sad I hadn't visited sooner in my many visits to SF. We grabbed boba from Boba Guys and walked to the top to sit and people watch. We witnessed the coconut rum guy, that was super fun and interesting.We also took in the beautiful views of the city before heading to the airport.This is a really cool spot to hang out with friends, picnic, or just read a book or fall asleep.
Yeah, liked this place....a house behind the park please, overlooking the entire city.Young, old all enjoying a sunny Monday afternoon in various states of gentle inebriation....great place to people watch and get the whiff of a bong (takes me back..) I liked it.
Good for people watching. Interesting crowd. Since the remodel, its a lot nicer. Nice view of the city if you sit all the way to the top. This place is packed on the weekends and especially when days are warm in the city. So many restaurants around and can't forget about BIRITE!! Ice cream for any weather.
On a nice day you'll find me here zoning out for hours snacking on some overpriced hummus contemplating whether or not to walk down and wait in line an hour for BiRite ice cream. I love this park. I love the people I meet. I love people watching. Thumbs up on the new bathrooms. Also, be a big kid and go down the slide. Warning: You may get yelled at by a 5 yr.old saying you're too old for the slide and "No cutting!!!"
I finally had the chance to catch Dolores Park during "safe hours" meaning, dusk time when the sun is about to set.  I am usually right across the street because my friend lives around the area but that is right after 10pm. I was walking from 16th and Mission bart station and let me say that I saw the coolest and craziest things happen during that one day walking up that day. Of course my walk was tiresome, and as I passed the tennis courts.. was in awh because I play tennis and just thought how fun it would be to pick up the sport again at Dolores! Which i will be doing soon for sure!As I am walking towards my friends house I thought to myself... "this is my only chance to just sit at Dolores for a few minutes to catch my breathe and enjoy the surroundings around me." I didn't go up the park too far because I didn't want to do anymore walking so I sat at the benches and just took in the amazing environment as I had my friend walk over to get me. lol I cannot wait to play tennis here!.... and see the rest of the park as well... hopefully get a chance to play with the dogs around too.
I can't lie. I spent the better part of my 20s peeing all across San Francisco. This is not a humble brag, nor is it an endorsement for public urination, particularly in the doorways of residences and businesses, or out randomly in public. But let's be honest, piss happens. When you cram 10,000 beer and prosecco swilling 20-somethings, and a rather large roaming homeless population together, there's going to be a lot of peeing in the public. Now, instead of getting caught by Stanley Roberts behaving badly, you can just whip it out in the open and use the Outdoor Urinal at Dolores Park. There's nothing quite like peeing al fresco. Make sure your shoelaces are tied before you venture in there.
This park has absolutely the best views, it's in one of my favorite neighborhoods, and there are so many great things around it!Every time I'm in SF I always seem to grab some food and head straight to Dolores Park to enjoy the views and to take in the beautiful weather. I love getting ice cream from Bi-Rite or a sandwich from Ike's and just relaxing here in the park. It's a really interesting spot for people watching - there are so many unique people around. And the kids playground seems to be really nice too!I will say things have gotten even better since they've redone portions of the park! It's beautiful and well done and a perfect little reprieve from the city. I tell everyone visiting SF to spend at least a little time in Dolores Park!
Always awesome. Dolores Park is most busy on weekends, Saturday and Sunday. Full of happy people enjoying the weather, Dolores Park is a great choice if you are looking to enjoy the weather, have some drinks and just hang out with friends. There is always something interesting to do, whether it's joining the group yoga class or buying a coconut with rum from the coconut man! My suggestions is to stop by a nearby grocery store for drinks and snacks, and make yourself a little picnic. Another suggestions would be to stop by Ike's and get a sandwich and then eat it in the park.
Such great vibes. I love this park it's great for a chill day at the park with friends have a few beers and just enjoy the sun. There's also a man with dreads who sells coconut with rum in them !!!! You gotta have one !!
This is the place to be on a Saturday morning apparently. I'm new to the bay, only about a week here and this was my first trip into SF from south bay. I was blown away with how nice this park is and the views you get. Came here a little before noon and there was a good amount of people. Went to go eat, and then it got packed. Walked around a little more and boom, it was full.Obviously it's a nice place to hang out with your kids. They have a pretty baller playground at the top. Also a great place to bring your dogs since they're allowed to run around without a leash. But if you want to party, then come a little after noon. I think I say volleyball, spike ball, and beer pong tables set up. Will definitely come back again. Super nice.
One of my favorite places in the city, a MUST for visitors, locals, families, picnics, relaxing, anything!This park is HUGE and with the new renovations there are some nice, clean bathrooms, picnic tables, and new play ground for children/families. I come here almost ever weekend when it is nice out to relax and enjoy the view. The park does typically get pretty busy on Sunday afternoons so I recommend getting there early to stake out your spot (also, bring a blanket/tarp to sit on because the grass is usually kinda muddy/wet in the mornings). Stop by the bi-rite market around the block, pick up some wine, beer, snacks and enjoy!
The perfect location to max and relax...and people watch. Teehee.Come out here with your Ike's sandwich, Boba Guys drank, and BiRite ice cream and have a picnic whilst enjoying the SF view. Lay out a couple of blankets/beach mats, whip out a book, magazine or....your phone and chill out for a couple of hours. They also have a remodeled playground area too! This place gets pretty busy tho but there's plenty of grass for everybody. Fareal tho...People everywhere. Sleeping, tanning, working out, getting chemically intoxicated....Come early if you want a good spot.Parking can be a bit challenging. Expect to circle around the place multiple times! Definitely check this place out if you're in the area.
Amazing park.  Feels like a music festival on the weekends.
Dolores Park is a must for locals and visitors. You get the views of the San Francisco skyline in this Mission mecca. The views are more visible on the south side towards the top of the hill, which also overlooks the huge new playground. Aside from the views, this park is an interesting spot for people watching. You'll run into a mixture of hipsters, children, half-naked dudes, performers, etc. Be aware if you're bringing your dog. They might get tempted to walk up to strangers in hopes of getting a bite of their burrito. As for the food options, there's Bi-Rite, Pizzeria Delfina, Tartine and other places with long lines that are within walking distance. There's also vendors who walk around the park selling edibles and drinks.Other notes:The weather here can be up to 15 degrees warmer than other areas in the cityPark Hours are 6am-1-pmDogs must be on a leash, except in designated off leash areasNo alcohol or glass containers (a lot of people break this rule)Smoking is prohibited (a lot of people break this rule as well)
Great park for family with kids.  Awesome slides, amazing city views, clean and pretty.Very enjoyable way to spend some time outdoors just allowing your eyes to feast on the beauty of San Fran and the amazing city's landscape.Great for some downtime.
Love the park that is a stone's throw form my Grandam's place. It's always entertaining to people watch, read, sun bathe or just stroll around for hours and not be bothered. Tip, don't go during lunch or right after school lets out because it does get a lot busier with students.Love the views from certain high points in the park. Lots of great take out places near by to get your treats/picnic baskets.
Love Dolores Park!Perfect place to go for a picnic date, to enjoy the park with your dog, or just to relax.Parking can be very difficult to find and there's usually homeless people here and people smoking marijuana. Most of the time, they're not a bother.After your plans here, you can walk around the block to go eat or get a drink which is perfect.
This is a truly lovely place to relax or take a walk with somebody. The open expanses of green are so nice to look at and stroll through, and even though I visited on a cold and windy day, there were still a good number of people chilling out in groups of friends or on picnic blankets for Easter Sunday. There's a fairly simple but clean playground, and lots of people walk their dogs here. Lots of people also do all sorts of other things here like busking, dancing, playing casual outdoor games, or practicing their juggling lol. Bi-Rite and Boba Guys are fairly close by, so make sure you stop by them to give the perfect snack to a perfect afternoon in the park!
I guess I came at an unfortunate time because half the park was under renovation and it smelt like RICH soil most of the time. I came on a weekday, so it wasn't busy at all, the washrooms were very clean.I loved the spot on the top of the hill where you look across and see a beautiful green space and the city in the background. There's a beautiful and old high school nearby, with lovely palm trees right down the center of Dolores Park.I also thought that the kid's playground area was very creative and well designed. I have never seen such a long slide in my life, nor did I ever see interesting abstract art that I didn't think was meant for playing in the middle of a children's park. Definitely an interesting place though, even though at that moment, it was under renovation and surrounded by fences.
Meh... ok, so I think people watching is mildly fun and amusing at times, but there are other factors at Dolores Park that impede me from giving them a higher star rating. These factors include but are not limited to: -Difficulty finding a shaded spot on a sunny day -Slightly moist grass and thoughts of bugs crawling on me -Oh and pungent and unpleasant aroma of MJ That being said, if you are fairly outdoorsy (unlike me) and can get over all three factors, then you will find the crowd is definitely...interesting. I'm talking couples yoga meets juggler meets a rabbit on a leash. Oh, the things you see in SF.
Dolores is iconic for a reason. I can't think of a better place to spend a sunny SF day. You can probably find a sample of every type of human on the planet, and they're all there for the same reason as you - to enjoy life.What more can you wish for?
This place is great on sunny days but it sucks cuz everyone else realizes that too. It's great that they added better bathrooms but sucks that they tore down the other ones up on the hill so you still have crazy lines to wait in- even the guys had a long line!
Dolores Park,  I am glad the fences have come down so I can go in again.  There seems to be no net to what you can do here.  Come on a sunny San Francisco day and look around and watch the locals...flying kites, eating ice cream, tennis, making giant bubbles, talking,  sunbathing, practicing the guitar...  the list goes on and that's just the humans.  The dogs run around, catch Frisbees watch their human kids play on the playground.  The one thing they all seem immune to is, for me, the draw.  Look at that view.  San Francisco's downtown is spread out in front.  Its a view so great I recognize it in movies and on TV, So what do I do here?  I look at the view.  Take it in, and relax. Its a great place to eat after buying food in the area.   To be honest after taking in the view a little while I also people watch.  The locals make good viewing!
Had to come here since I heard the park was now fully reopened. All the construction is FINALLY complete. Weather is always nice in this part of town. The upper level of the park is finally leveled off where it doesn't feel like you are sitting on a steep hill. It is no secret that Mission Dolores Park has been known as a "gay park" but whenever I visit this park it is mixed with families, dog walkers, hipsters, kids skipping school, young, old, and everything else in between. Very diverse and a really nice park! On a sunny day, like the day I visited you'll find the grassy area packed with sunbathers in swim suits and speedos. 6 new tennis courts and basketball courts. Bathrooms are located at the base of the park. There is a public urinal that I noticed at the top of the park for guys. I heard some commotion about it when I was standing near it and was not sure if the city was going to remove it soon or leave it open to the public. The playground is phenomenal! Good for the young and old to go on the play structure. Watch out for "special" cookies or brownies being sold. Parking can be tough but you must visit this park if you are in the area!
Dolores Park is a staple in San Francisco and one of the best places for people watching in the city. I stopped by here with a couple of friends on a sunny afternoon after brunch at Kitchen Story and had a great time. We sat at the park for a few hours enjoying the beautiful views of the city, people watching, catching up, and eating bi-rite ice cream. There were so many things going on at the Park - people doing yoga, live music, dogs being walked, and babies running around.One section of the park is still currently under construction, but it is still a beautiful place to be on sunny day in San Francisco. The view of the city from the top of the hill is fantastic and you really get a feel for San Francisco. There are also plenty of other things right outside of Dolores Park - such as Bi-Rite Ice Cream, Tartine Bakery, cute coffee shops, etc.  to do that is just a short walk up the street.
Dolores Park from afar may not look like a big deal.  I walked towards the area thinking, "how great could this park be? It just looks like a crowded grassy area with a small hill." Well, I was definitely wrong about that! Once you walk to the top of that "small" hill, you're taken back by the gorgeous view of the city. You really get a breathtaking view of the beautiful buildings that make up San Francisco. It was extremely crowded when I went during Labor Day weekend since the weather was absolutely perfect, but it wasn't hard to snag a spot on the hill! I had just gotten some ice cream from Bi-Rite Creamery right across the street and was able to enjoy it while relaxing on the grass. It was also fun to people watch and dog watch! I loved seeing owners play fetch with their little pups. So adorable. I imagine this park to be the perfect spot to read a book and just zone out into your own little world.
Great place to have a picnic with some friends. Plenty of space on the lawn during weekdays but I can picture it being super crowded on a Friday and weekends. Bi Rite Creamery and Tartine are nearby if you're looking for some snacks. Dog friendly park. There are specific areas where your pets are allowed to roam freely.
Even though this is a beautiful park, it's not my favorite in the City.  3 of us went to spend a sunday afternoon there, it was mobbed and the smell of burnt weed everywhere was so overwhelming it made me nauseous.  The newly built bathrooms are very nice, but still not big enough to accommodate the crowds.
Great park. Love the update but they need to keep it friendly to ALL members of the community, INCLUDING young adults and the college age community
Ahhhh, I miss Dolores. Prime people watching spot in a great little park. Love grabbing an iced coffee and venturing over here to chill out for a little while. There are tons of dogs running around, families, lots of variety with excellent views. One thing to note, for people coming here for the first time is that there's generally A LOT of weed around. Maybe make a friend and partake - who knows? Definitely love this spot.
This park is so cool, my mind was figuratively blown. There were so many people all just chillin and doing many different things. All the people there are chill, it's a large area, it's not heavily regulated. There was a pair of dudes playing hacky sack when we first got there, and one by one, it ended up being a group of 8 by the time we left. It was the first time in a long time I've seen strangers befriend strangers through a friendly game. I would definitely come back to this park whenever I come to San Francisco :)
Delores Park was my second favorite park that I visited while in SF -- second only to Golden Gate Park. They were renovating this park during my stay here (May 2015), so a big section of the park was closed, but they still had plenty of space for people to lounge here, dogs to run free and for kids to play at the playground. I spent a good three hours at this park one day. It's a wonderful place to people watch, get some sun, relax and enjoy the beautiful SF skyline. I was in love. There was all sorts of people here to watch, which was wonderful. On a side note, SF police seem to "over look" people drinking in the park here, as there was tons of people drinking and also a vendor selling beer while I was here. Good to know for future visits!! There was also some porta potties here to use, which were kind of gross, but got the job done. Side note, one of the porta potties I went into had used needles and a recently used crack pipe -- I'd suggest going in with young children to use these restrooms so they don't get their hands on these!I'd recommend coming to visit this park, bring a book, a blanket, a bottle of wine and enjoy a few hours!! You'll fall in love with the city here all over again!Cheers!
Whenever I'm in SF I like to visit Tartine and Bi-Rite Creamery, which are really close to this park, so a little stroll and chill session at the park after stuffing myself is always a treat. On this particular afternoon the weather was perfect and the park was the place to be. It was quite crowded, but it felt nice to be part of the throng. People were picnicking, playing frisbee, or just sitting around chatting--felt very communal. There was the occasional puff of doob that would float by, adding to the sort of "party" atmosphere.STEPH JUDGEMENT: Great park to chill and take in the local flavor.
Spectacular views; city skyline, mission high school, small business, local community and huge kids park. Newly renovated, yet again, but this time with the expansion of a newer main walk way, restrooms and upgraded grass. The (4) most noticeable things you will observe with your five senses:1. Dog poop on the side walk, grass and left over poop in bags throughout the park. 2. The amounts of alcohol (bottles, cans) park goers use and leave behind on the ground. 3. The clouds of weed smoke which is frequently used as if they were cigarettes. 4. Homeless people who have reserved their spots at the park which you have to avoid otherwise you trigger their aggressive behavior. Although there have been improvements the park needs to be monitored by park police to keep it safe, clean, organized and maintained.  The park hasn't been completed to open and there are signs posted to stay off turf, people had disregard and effed up the newly planted turf by playing football, soccer. Also trashed the newly opened restrooms.
One of the best places to chill and enjoy the incredible view of SF. Such good memories here with awesome people. On nice days, it'll get super packed, but everybody is really nice and happy (how can you not be, with an atmosphere like this). You could spend an entire afternoon here just relaxing with a few friends and beers. Also, a lotta vendors selling yummy edibles and joints, if you're into that.
My friend took me to Dolores Park for the first time. I felt like such a noob! Apparently there's a special map for Dolores Park mapping out hipsters, families, gay beach, the bench, etc. Pretty awesome! Although I don't really fit into any of those categories, but if you were to find me in Dolores Park, I would be on The Bench, fo sho! The view is absolutely amazing. You can see the SF skyline, the civic center, and the park sloping down the hill. Absolutely breathtaking! We sat there for awhile taking in nice, deep breaths of...weed. Lots of weed. I told my friend I can never distinguish the smell between weed and skunk and she said there are no skunks in SF...so it's weed 100% of the time. -1 star for so much weed inhalation which is a negative aspect for me, but for some, it can be positive, haha. Otherwise, beautiful park, great place to layout, and take in San Francisco. (My picture does it no justice.)
I really can't overstate how STUNNING this park is. Just this lush, green gem in the middle of some adorable neighborhoods and with a knockout view of the city. We lucked out and landed there on a day when there were only maybe 10 or 12 other people hanging out with their dogs -- from what I've heard it's rare to not be elbow to elbow hanging out there. There's a super modern playground, an impeccably clean bathroom facility, and then just tons of soft, green grass to lay on. SO awesome. A must-see, for sure.
Recommendation: Not much to see while the park is under construction, but the upper corner offers a good view of the Mission and city. I was here this past weekend for the Bubble Festival as I figured there would be some good photo opportunities. It also gave us a chance to experience the  Mission District, since we all live downtown. The park was packed with people, but it was still a great experience! Lots of happy people, music and laughter were abundant, and it generally felt like a very safe but exciting place. There were lots of interesting people, a ton of cute dogs, and bubbles galore! I do have to note though that much of the park was closed for construction, and perhaps watering as well. The best-kept grass of the park was behind a fence, which was super unfortunate, considering how trodden the grass was in the southern open part of the park. I'll probably return once the rest is opened, but until then I think I saw most of what there is to see! The hills are nice to recline on and almost every spot offers a nice view, but the day we went it was a little cold and windy. In conclusion, it seemed like a highly-frequented park, and the maintenance looks the part! A little strained but still functional. In a great location, Dolores Park is something you shouldn't go out of your way to visit, but is worth stopping by if you're in the area.  Maybe. If you're into parks.
I'm still in my first year of living in SF and have quickly adopted the local way of spending many sunny weekends here. The nice thing is whether you're by yourself or with your boo or with your friends, it's all equally enjoyable. It's so relaxing and feel like you've made good use of your weekend even if you're just not doing much...outside. Excellent for day drinkingExcellent for people watchingExcellent for sunbathingExcelling for leisurely reading Needless to say, Dolores Park is one of SF's charms.
Beautiful and Pleasant Park with Great Views of the City - Perfect Place to Relax and People-Watch!I first visited Mission Dolores Park on my first afternoon in San Francisco, on July 28th with my mother. I loved it so much that we returned for subsequent visits a few times during our 7-day stay in the Mission District. Mission Dolores Park is a beautiful grassy park/green space situated on top of a steep green grass-covered hill in the middle of the Mission District. The park was packed with lots of people to the point where we could barely see the grass! There were families and friends having picnics, playing with their dogs, playing catch with a ball and other sports like soccer in the grass, playing Frisbee, sleeping on blankets in the grass and underneath trees, sun-bathing, chilling, hanging out and chatting with friends, drinking wine or enjoying beers, and smoking marijuana. The park attracted a diverse crowd (young to old and every ethnicity you can imagine) and the people-watching opportunities were endless and fantastic! Everybody appeared to be having fun or relaxing. There were also quite a few homeless individuals who were sleeping underneath tarps with their shopping carts beside them, underneath trees at the base of the park and bottom of the hill. They kept to themselves and were not bothering anyone. There were tennis and basketball courts at the base of the park as well. We climbed the cement stairs on the far edge of the park to the top of the hill and were rewarded with beautiful views of the surrounding city and the tall buildings in downtown San Francisco. The atmosphere in the park was peaceful, pleasant and relaxing. I enjoyed sitting in the grass at the top of the park to just relax, admire the incredible views, enjoy the moment and observe the people and activities going on around me. Be sure to stop by Bi-Rite Creamery across the street from the park (corner of 18th and Dolores Streets) to taste one of the most delicious and creamy homemade ice cream flavours in San Francisco, and then enjoy eating and savouring it in the park. Mission Dolores Park was amazing and lovely and a great place to relax and escape the bustle and busyness of San Francisco for a morning or afternoon. If I lived in this neighbourhood, I could totally picture myself spending a lot of time there. It is well worth a visit!
A great park to sit and talk with friends with a review and interesting people to look at around you. Bi-rite Creamery, Pizzeria Delfina, and Tartine Bakery are nearby to grab a snack before heading over to the park.
Half of the park is under major construction but it is still lovely to sit hang out and relax. Pop over to Bi-rite for some ice cream and you have got a perfect afternoon.There are maybe 6 tennis courts available closer to the 18th street side and a full basketball court. Bathrooms are also available near that side of the park.
It Ain't Fair!!!The mission and hunters point get all the best sunny weather whilst we on the westside bask in the fog. Dolores park has gone through ups and downs...as has the Mission district. Right now DP is the place to be (as is the mission)....thanks all you code writing hipsters.Movie night is one of the coolest things. Never mind the crays and 420 dealers...grab a burrito from Pancho villa, uno mas cerveza.....and enjoy.
If you want to go to a place that embodies San Francisco's spirit, make a trip to Dolores Park. It one of the best spots to people watch and enjoy a care free day. People LITERALLY do whatever they feel like here and have a super time doing it. On the particular day we went, there were people hula hooping, baton twirling, sun bathing, playing music, and TONS of cute dogs running around. There is not a shortage of interesting here.
This place is great for people watching. There is wifi! The bathrooms are clean. I love the movies in the park because of the proximity to Bi-Rite. The views of the city are spectacular. Looking forward to catching the Truffle Man in action.
Yes it's a park. Didn't sound very interesting when my friend (who now lives in SF) told me that that is his "weekend's usual" and invited me to join. Almost said no. ALMOST. But after reading all my friends' review I decided to give it a go. Holy cow. It was busy. Like HONG KONG busy. I had a hard time believing that there were so many people actually lived in SF. And my friend told me it's a "quiet" day because the weather was "not-so-good". I wasn't sure about what he meant about quiet because there were easily hundreds of people, and I wasn't sure about what he meant about "not-so-good" weather just because it's... cloudy? Damn. SF is certainly a hell of a place to spoil people. Anyway, the law says no open bottles. But I guess this place is so cool that law doesn't apply. So it is probably one of the few places you can enjoy a beer or two at public space (yay HKers are spoiled in that scene, so we're now even). Bring your favorite book or Kindle, if you go for the chill route. If you are here looking for something more interesting...1. Try to be half-naked and offers free sunblocks to everyone.2. Set up a reception here, with black tie attire and a few glasses of champagne, accompanied by live music from two violinists. 3. Do couple yoga. 4. Bring your own drum and bass and play some drum'n bass.5. Play some ball games that I didn't really understand. 6. Unleash your dogs, legally. A lot of other interesting stuff to be discovered, but yeah, it did give you the vibe of a mini music festival, without being actually one. Loved it.
People watching paradise.Literally nobody cares what you do here, as long as it isn't lewd or illegal. Everyone comes here to hang out, from babies running from their mothers around the waves of people, or old men getting crunk to rap music from a boombox.My friends and I came here after stuffing our faces at brunch to just sit and enjoy the beautiful SF weather. I have a friend who posts on Snapchat with the Dolores Park geotag at least every other week, and I can see why he does.Even if being outdoors in any shape or form isn't your thing, still drop by because it really is a representative of local life.Also, Mr. Sunblock shows up over the weekends and can give you SPF in cream or spray form in case you forget - sun protection is important, which makes Mr. Sunblock a hero in my eyes~
I'm not a big park person. Mainly because they're in the middle of cities, surrounded by crazy dogs, screaming children, germs, and mediocrity. Don't get me wrong, I am so glad we have parks and believe they are vital to any decent city I just don't find myself spending a lot of time in them. When I wanna be outdoors I go out of the city, if you feel me. I ended up visiting Dolores park this past weekend with a friend I was visiting in SF. We had strolled through the mission after visiting the Lyft office, grabbing a coffee, and enjoying a nice walk through town when we ended up at the park. Maybe it was the view, the smell, or the conversation we were having but it was absolutely amazing. It was almost spiritual. I felt like I was exactly where I needed to be at that very moment. I took out my phone to take a picture but otherwise felt no need to be consumed on my phone as I so often am. I hope to come back soon. Perhaps one day I will write a book of my many loves and Dolores Park will definitely be one of them.
I have a huge soft spot for Dolores Park.  Although I live across the bay and have only been here a handful of times I always jump at the opportunity to visit one of my favorite SF Spots.Last time I was here we brought along sandwiches and mason jar mimosas.  I have to say that this is the perfect combination for sunny days.  Although I'm not completely sure how legal it is to drink here, my friends and I have competing theories, virtually everyone does so here.  If you're low there's even vendors with coolers of beer that pass buy every ten minutes or so. (Again not sure how legal this is)  So if you're like me and too lazy to go back to the grocery store across the street and don't mind up slightly marked up prices, this is a solid option.The vibe here is extremely chill, which is nice since it competes with the extremely hectic and fast-paced vibe of the rest of the city.  Nothing beats grabbing a big blanket and heading to the park with your friends for a day of relaxation.  The view of the city at the top of the park just adds to the beauty of this park.An important note is that half of the park is currently undergoing construction so, as of late, it has been a bit more crowded than usual.  That being said we've never had a problem finding a patch of grass in the sun, you're just a little more elbow to elbow than I was generally used to.So next time you get the chance, grab your friends and a few cold beers (assuming your 21+) and take advantage of one of the most beautiful spots in the city.Til next time, keep eating keep learning.
Who isn't going to love this sunny park overlooking San Francisco?!It has large areas for playing with a ball, playing for dogs, passing a Frisbee and even a nice play structure for the kiddies!The only bad thing right now is that it is under construction and has been for a while now. I'm hoping and thinking that it will be over soon though! They have covered msot of the park!After the renovation they will have much nicer tennis, basketball courts, and bathrooms!For now there are porta potties.When you come, most people like to drink, relax, and be 420 friendly. But watch out for the park rangers!There are people that walk around picking up your recyclables, so be nice and just gather them in a pile for them. It's not like you're going to recycle them. So let them be the responsible ones for you.
Dolores Park is probably the most popular park in the City.  On weekends it can seem like there is an event going on even when there is not.  They just finished the improvements and it is beautiful.  Please every take your trash with you when you leave so we can all enjoy one of the best open spaces in the City
I was in SF in January and somehow, I keep on thinking of this park and the memories created there. It's one of those places that you can't really forget because it's just a wide range of people, from all different backgrounds and situations, gathering together to spend the day at the park and enjoy a friend's company.I was sleeping at Pacific Tradewinds. I rolled myself out of my bed to meet my friend after a night of separation to discuss the adventures from the previous day we had spent apart. I packed my bag and traversed the Financial District to reach the Bart, destined for Mission. I hopped off the rail and began my mile walk toward the park. It was all uphill and I felt sluggish and tired from the previous night's misadventures (alcohol, whoops.)Each step was a struggle but it makes it all worth it when you approach the park. It's on an open hill with a playground in the middle. Kids were frolicking, dogs were off leash, and the amount of strange and beautiful people was overwhelming. I plopped down somewhere on the hill, in the middle. A good enough view of the city but not at the apex of the hill. I think my body would have given out if I decided it was in my best interest to reach the top.If I could have passed out there, I would have. But I looked up to see my friend walking toward me, looking just as shabby as I. We greeted each other with a smile and a clumsy hug. We didn't say anything for a few moments and just took in the views (and water.)As we recalled the previous day and night, we took in our surroundings and people watched. We encountered dogs fetching sticks, couples meeting with a cup of coffee in hand, young children weaving in and out of the playground equipment, two teenagers taking promo shots while puffing a joint and blowing it into the camera. What a weird and enticing place. After people watching and discussing life for perhaps an hour, we stood up, brushed the dirt from our shorts, and made the descent from our cozy spot on the hill. Wordlessly, I looked back to take in the views of the picnics, the youth, the laughter... and promised myself that this perfect chaos was just too good not to visit again.
This park was very enjoyable. Came with a group of friends with beers. Chilled out. Maxed out. Relaxed out. Saturday afternoon is extremely lively at the park. You can find all breeds of dogs there as well. We personally got to pet and play with two French bull dogs that some nice lady were walking. Pros: on a nice day, there are great views and relaxed vibes. Cons: grass may be muddy.
The park is in the Mission District. There is nothing special about the park itself. It is just open space with grass and a few trees on a hill. However, it provides one of the best views of the city skyline.If you are visiting San Francisco and looking for recommendations, please go to rookerville.com/2015/09/…
APlace forFrolicking,People watching,And whatever other park dreams you have.
I've lived in the Bay Area my whole life and have never visited Dolores park till today. Absolutely beautiful. My husband said "wow people are actually doing 'park' activities" he meant like frisbee and kicking a soccer ball etc. I guess we're used to the park by our house where the tech guys race their motorized airplanes through hula hoops everyday hahaha... Beautiful park.
It's lovely place just to relax. That's it! Sit back and enjoy nature for a while. It is a great place for picnic.
Dolores Park north side is open again! And it's so green!I'll give it two weeks before the grass turns a nasty shade of yellow.Yes, this place is full of people frolicking the flat plane of grass. It's full of hipsters, beatniks, startup folk, and others from all walks of life. Put simply, it's San Francisco in a nutshell.
Dolores parks is the most hot and busy spot on weekends.  You can enjoy the warm weather during summer time.  A great place to hang out with friends and family.  Nice park and views.  Don't go during lunch time or came here before noon time, is get busy and hard to find a spot.
Ok park to come for a picnic or sit on the lawn and relax.  It's between the Mission and Castro neighborhoods so it's a decent place to stop off and visit.  Take a stroll up the beautiful palm tree lined Dolores Street until you get to the park.  The park is a bit hilly and run down but they've made some improvements.  Also, I'd avoid this park after dark.
Bring a blanket and enjoy a sunny day here!My friends and I always love to come and hang out. There's always a ton of people just hanging out and tanning. I always love to bring snacks and some buzzballs or a beer or something. Oh, and I always get a whiff of weed when I'm there (which I dont mind, but some might) lol Don't forget to put a ton of sunscreen on too!
Oh MAN!!! What a great place to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon, sunning in Dolores Park. Picnics, music, eating, drinking, dogs, babies, **random vendors**, birds, bubbles, batons, hacky sacks; superb people watching of many varieties while lounging and absorbing the San Fransisco vibe. This is my kind of place. If I lived here, I would be here every chance I could.
This place is lit. Who doesn't want to go to a park just to chill and drink and do whatever else it is that you fancy. The last time I was here was in mid-July and it was a beautiful sunny Summer day in the city so a lot of people were out. There's people performing, reading books, reading, sleeping, drinking, etc. I pretty much stayed at the bottom of the hill (close to the sidewalk), but the top of the hill is not even steep at all ha so I guess you can go there if you want. In the mission, so you can easily grab some Mexican food or check out some bars (that's what we did). We also went to a liquor store while walking here (to get some whiskey and beer) and I love how everyone in line was buying a tall can to bring to the park too ha.
awesome!! We were on vacation and our kids needed a stop for a bit to play, this was the perfect spot, if we lived close we would visit all the time :D
The updated Dolores Park has been up and running for several weeks now, and only today, President's Day did I get to really experience the changes. The potholes are gone, the slope is smoother from top -'The Beach'- to bottom. Of course, smoother landscape means less escape from the sun, but there are ways in which to snag slivers of shade via the palm trees that line Dolores Street, as well as the overall perimeter. It's a rare gift to be able to read a book in peace while surrounded by so many picnickers and this was accomplished today without a hitch! Glad to have a summer of change beginning early.
This amphitheater shaped park with a playground at the center is one of the most amazing places I've ever witnessed and attended personally. It was like a little slice of heaven, nothing but peacefulness. People from all walks of life hang out here every day. Moms taking their children to play, animal lovers, homeless, hipsters, businessmen and women, thugs and everything in-between. The backdrop is SF city, breathtaking view too. People partake in all sorts of activities; booze, reefer, football, frisbee, running, or just taking in the beautiful day. Time to time there is plays going on down the hill and a group of interested folk sit and watch. My point is, with all of this going on and the plethora of people all together this place is self controlled, no cops there, or riding past patrolling, there is no need for it. In the words of Stephen Q. Urkel,"can't we all just get along?" Yes, we can Stephen, at Dolores Park.
My first time to the park this afternoon, enjoying some wine and dinner with my honey, picnic style.  He made random friends to play some softball with.  And yes, definite people watching.  It's cool because it's not a place to be seen, but more of a place to just be.  I love it and know I will be back.  Parking is tough so you have to park blocks away then walk over.  Bring a blanket/yoga mat/parao to sit on, a beverage and snacks.  A lot of people bring their dogs over, or speakers for music, and some people sell or give away booze.  It's pretty cool if you're open to whatever.
I anticipate this place getting a LOT better once the dog park opens up. But in the meantime, it's great for (as others have mentioned) people watching, taking your dog out, and just basking in the perfect weather.Just know that you're gonna smell a few people and a few things that may be illegal in most states. Don't bring your conservative parents here.Some people stanky too. Bring a beach towel or an asian mat. Oh and a sun hat if you wanna sleep without the sun beating on your face.
I spent an idyllic Sunday afternoon in Dolores Park on a recent visit to San Francisco. It was my first time in this park during daylight hours--I think I'd previously gone to a lookout point after a stop at Bi-Rite, but had otherwise managed to come into San Francisco like dozens of times without hanging out here. I'm not sure why--this place is wonderful, and I'll make sure to go again next time I catch a sunny day in the Mission.Within two minutes of walking into the park with my friends Melissa K. and Rachel F., Rachel, the one local, ran into a group of people she knew, who invited us to sit with them. They had a patch of grass much like all the other patches of grass--comfortable, small, but with enough space to spread out limbs and relax. I gathered that everyone in our group of seven or so people knew at least two but no more than four of the others--through college, through hometown, through yoga, etc. One of Rachel's friends immediately offered me a watermelon-flavored beer, which I accepted with gratitude. It was delicious, matching the general sense of well-being and casual camaraderie that flavored the afternoon. We just sat around chatting, idling, taking in the view. Mel got a coconut from the coconut man; I got some truffles from the truffle man. There were a lot of people out, enjoying the day. (The one thing I didn't like was the wait for the bathroom. The bathroom itself, though, was reasonably clean, considering.) It felt pretty thickly San Franciscan. Definitely some tech bros tech bro-ing, but lots of different people to watch.I think we spent around two hours here without doing much at all except relaxing and lingering in the sunshine. It was a lovely way to pass time on a lazy Sunday. Now that I know the place, I expect to come back to Dolores Park on many future trips to San Francisco.
PROs: This park is children, pets, and adult friendly. The park is really big-- can be a con if you're trying to find someone.CONs: The slight air pollution when someone smokes in front of you or near you. Finding parking nearby... Is terrible.I went to this park on a Tuesday afternoon with some friends. Finding parking took the longest and majority of our time while circling the block over and over.  It seems like during that time, the roads were still under construction so it was a little harder to find open parking places.  Even in my twenties, I went on the slides -- the playground area that is designated for the younger kids-- and it was quite entertaining. Although, some people may get stuck trying to slide down the slides (like some of my friends) and move no where.. It is still pretty funny to watch. This was when we understood why the little kids were cupping a handful of sand from the floor and carrying it to the top of the slide -- it helps move faster down the slide.This is a good place to bring a date or someone to catch up and chill. This is also a good place if you want to bring someone out for a picnic as well ! I definitely would recommend stopping by at this park!
The Mission District is lucky to be graced by Dolores Park. So many historical buildings can be seen from it. Lots of places to eat are within close range. Athletics of all kinds are played on the grass. It has an incline, but all the more exercise.I have been to this park many times. It's mix of beauty and history is likely why it is quite popular. It gets really crowded, because it is simply exceptional.Dolores Park represents San Francisco's diversity very well.
Such a wonderful way to spend your Sat Or Sun afternoon. Grab a snack and some beers and go sit and people watch! Wish they'd finish the construction, as it's ruining the view! There's always something entertaining going on here.
One of SF's great landmarks. It's a shame that it's gone downhill. People throwing their trash on the ground, a lot of construction going on and people having less regard for this amazing park. I still enjoy coming here and spending time with family and friends!
I'm in love with huge grassy community spots like this. I can see myself lounging here all day if I lived in SF. Makes me happy to see different types of people convening together, even if not really together. So it is pretty hipster, but you also get a great view from the top of the hill and there seems to be a plethora of eateries in the vicinity.If you're visiting for the first time, I suggest bringing a blanket and some refreshments so you can actually enjoy some time here instead of breezing through. Also great for people watching.
So this park got 4.5 overall stars huh? Sorry coming from a New Yorker where Central Park is our playing ground this park pales in comparison.In all fairness I came here at night with some friends while eating Bi-rite ice cream, we were welcomed by some construction work, rats, plenty of homeless people, rats, two or three creepers who looked like pedophiles, rats, and just in case I didn't stress it enough..rats!At least there's a good view of SF from the top of the slides.
This place....this place is great! The people, the ambiance, the ease, this place is the perfect way to end a weekend.  It's a staple for SF.  Even with hundreds of people here at the same time it never feels too crowded.  It's very dog friendly, music friendly, sport friendly, yoga friendly, tanning friendly, and most importantly drink friendly.  As you make your way to the park, don't forget to stop by the local markets to grab picnic food, you won't regret it!Sidenote: If you're lucky, the coconut rum guy will be there! $13 for a coconut with a TON of rum....you get your money's worth!
I came here on a sunny afternoon and it was so nice! My friends and I bought take out and came here to picnic. It was actually really crowded so it took us awhile to find a spot but it was so worth it. While we were eating, there was also a play being put on, which was pretty funny and interesting. The grass is pretty well kept but I would recommend bringing a blanket or something to sit on just because even on a sunny afternoon, the grass was pretty damp. Everyone we interacted with was also really friendly. I definitely recommend coming here and enjoying the atmosphere if you get the chance!
Boyfriend - CheckWarm Weather - CheckPicnic food - CheckBeach mat and Umbrella - CheckBluetooth Speaker - CheckMix in some mimosas, stir not shake, and you will have a recipe for Sunday Funday. Oh, Don't forget the sunblock!We have come here for birthday celebrations in large groups, and we have come here by ourselves. Both are great experiences.Drinking, laying out and people watching..There was the aroma of dog poo in the vicinity, so choose a spot that is not near any trees, or right off the sidewalk. Pick up your poop people!
This is probably the coolest place I've been to in San Fran. At any day or any time this park is bustling with an array of unique faces looking to escape the daily routine. Grab a bottle of wine, a football, a bloooont and a few friends (or none at all) and expect a beautiful afternoon with friendly vibes. Everyone is very artsy, hipster, or dark clothed here but the vibes are incredible.
You can find me here nearly every weekend if the weather allows. I'm the guy up on the hill ravenously stuffing my face with Tartine and possibly other Bi-Rite goodies. And after some tasty truffles you can find me napping, surrounded by noise and people but completely at ease. This is the place where I fell in love with the city!
