The tree swings are gone! *sigh* Who took them down???
A nice little park with some great views. It is a bit sketchy coming up (just dirt and rock paths going up the hill) and it is mainly dirt with some grass up the top. The swing has seen better days and is now just a few tied together frayed ropes with nothing to sit on.If you are in the mood for a small walk and to take in some views it is worth a visit. But it isn't much of a sit down/play type park.
I'm amused that this park has a listing on Yelp. It's a great little park a couple blocks from me, where I can take my dog to run around a bit when we're too lazy to go to Glen Canyon, but it's not a "park" in the traditional sense. No grass, no benches, just eucalyptus trees and a little space (plus some surprisingly nice views). For a more traditional park experience, try Sunnyside Playground down the street.
I LOVE San Francisco's parks. But I've got to say, this is kind of a dumb park. It's basically just a rocky rectangular patch of ground on top of a hill, with some eucalyptus trees, surrounded by a chain-link fence.Some native plants could do wonders for this park. Even just... something that flowers. Some kind of tree that doesn't coat the ground in leaves that are toxic to other plants. Some benches. SOMETHING.This park does have some great views though (check out the photos), and that's why I'm giving it three stars.
Another first?  Don't mind if I do...So, my basic policy on parks is that they get 4 stars just for existing, and 5 stars if they even remotely live up to their potential.  Dorothy Erskine (she founded the Greenbelt Alliance, btw) is a tiny little park of Eucalyptus trees on the ridge just south of Bosworth.  It has peek-a-boo views of the bay through the trees.Not sure if this park is really used for much other than walking the dogs though.  If only there were more than 0 benches here, you could pass a pleasant bit of time with a book and a latte.  And no, I don't fancy sitting on the tire swing that someone put up.
This is one of those SF "hidden gems"...a discreet little mini-park with some amazing views, tucked behind a row of houses in Miraloma! Blink and you may miss it...and as other reviewers have pointed out...no benches!! And some loon "retired" the tire swings!  Some eccentric millionaire should bequeath some benches to this park...perhaps a former "chair-man" of the board?   For now, it's fine as it is...a lovely spot to walk the dog, enjoy the views....standing room only!
Wow I'm definitely surprised this has been reviewed. Awesome!  I grew up a few blocks from this little bad boy.  Fond memories of swinging on the rope-swings, which seem to change location every year.   Nice little spot to chill for a bit, but like Wes said there isn't a proper place to sit down.  Yet if you do decide to take a seat on a rock or what not, I'd recommend that you're there with a friend so that you look less creepy.  Not many people other than the neighborhood locals and their dogs come up there, and if they see a lone person you can get some strange stares.  Though I must also add, DON'T come up here at night, get drunk as fuck and make a lot of noise.  The cops will definitely show up (too many loud drunks in the past), and it's just damn rude.  But do drop by if you're in the area and enjoy the peaceful view.
Small hidden lot behind some houses with a nice view of San Fran.
