Good park for kids. An enclosed area with slides, swings, sandbox - all the classic fun stuff. Also lots of grassy area to toss the ball with the little ones. And a recreation center nearby with decent enough restrooms that aren't nasty.
PARK: The grass is quite well kept I must admit especially for California being in a drought. As for it being a dog park, I am not so sure because it's not completely fenced in at all. This means that there is no way I can let my dog off-leash because he will end up running into the street, never to be seen again. OTHER: There is a water fountain with two varying heights for humans, and one low fountain for dogs although it does not shoot up the water. I also think during hot days the water is warm/hot because my dog refused to drink it. DOGFEST: McKinley Elementary school holds a fundraiser event called "Dogfest" every year that I've been to for three straight years. They have various vendors with informational booths. Some of them give out little trinkets and marketing materials. They hold a dog contest, but each category you enter is $10 plus a $20 registration fee. Each year they have a Dogfest T-shirt you can purchase with a different design each year. Mostly this event is best suited for children with carnival games setup. Food is your basic hot dog cotton candy carnival type food. One bad part is that there isn't much shade and for whatever reason every year it has been in the 70's and sunny so it can get almost too hot to where you start sweating out here. Too bad they can't have one of those huge big overarching tents. I feel like every year I come there are less and less vendors. OVERALL: It's an A-OK park in my book so three stars it is. It is San Francisco so parking is a challenge. You end up having to circle around and around to find a spot that isn't blocking someone's driveway.
If you're a two-legged friend looking for a nice patch of grass to eat a picnic on, just go to the taller hill. The bottom part of the park is a doggie heaven, with four-legged cuties running off lease and having the time of their lives! We came around 7pm and there were plenty of dogs roaming the area. The park is blocked off from the train tracks with a cement fence and there are water foundations at perfect doggie height.Took my shy/cautious puppy to Duboce on the way home from work (the N-Judah line stops right in front!) and he absolutely had a blast. We took a seat at one of the many benches and just let him drag his leash around as he started exploring. Other dogs would come by and they would do their bro-sniff thing and run off to play. I've literally NEVER seen my puppy run that far away from me before. He's always been too shy to stray far, but he completely jumped into cloud 9.Other dog owners are friendly and they'll leave you alone unless you initiate conversations. No one tries to break dogs apart; everyone just watches their dogs from a short distance to make sure it's just play. We all had a great time and he didn't growl once while he was there, so huge step up in social skills!
DogPark withMany cute Dogs near transitIn case cute dogs refuse to go on walks.
Great little park in the City!Pluses: -Easy to get to on public transportation (N Judah)-In a sunny part of the city-Scenic Victorians-close to lots of coffee shops and food-not far from the Height -dog friendly (if you like dogs, otherwise see minuses)-kid/family friendly-nice place to read-not too crowdedMinuses:-Dogs everywhere and almost never on-lease-Said dogs off-lease pee and poop everywhere including where folks lay out on picnic blankets :/-small- No viewsI like this park a lot but I think I'd like it more if I had a dog or liked dogs. It's definitely a neighborhood park with lots of families/locals which is a nice change from other parks in the City that only have transplants/techies. The vibe here is a bit more grounded for sure.
I am biased, cause this is home, but I really love this little corner of the city!Duboce park, crowned with Victorian style "gingerbread" houses, the dogs running free, the Harvey Milk park and the playground. Could you as more from a park?There are even two muni stops!
There are all sorts of dogs at this dog park -- big, small, young, old, quiet, and loud. Some are trained and some are not. Several are off leash. There are some dogs that bark here, so if that's distracting or annoying to you, then don't plan on staying long. I came here to read a book, and next to me sat a man whose dog would bark at every other passing dog. Needless to say, I was interrupted from my reading several times. At one point, there was a thug-looking guy who was strolling through the park with his headphones on, and three dogs decided to gang up on him and start barking!! He started waving his hands at them and continued walking on his way. It was quite a sight to be seen. Anyway, it's a fun park that's great for people and dog watching alike.SantaCon at Duboce Park is also a sight to behold, but that's a story for another time.
3.5 Stars; the fenced in area gets crowded on weekends.Duboce Park is a local haven for dog owners! The grassy hillside, with kids' playground at the upper level, offers a leashed area as well as a fenced "play" area where your pups can gleefully sniff out and frolic with their four-legged friends of all breeds, colors and sizes.You'll quickly pick up on the vibe of a local community park that's popular with the neighborhood residents. Due to its Duboce Triangle location, you'll also find a variety of coffee shops (the Grind, Bean There and Cafe du Soleil, etc) nearby, so if you're in need of a java shot, you've got choices!Do know that the lease rule is only casually regarded here! If that's a concern, you might want to avoid Duboce Park and choose another local dog park such as Corona Heights Park (5 stars including the craggy hilltop, tennis courts, blackberries and the view!).After wearing out the dogs, you could always head to one of dozens of local cafes in the Triangle or along Market or lower Haight - all within a 10 minute walk.
lovely park for your doggy. Some of the residents on two legs can be stand-offish but whatever, the dogs are nice.
This is my 3rd favorite park in San Francisco, well maybe 4th.  I mean, actually there are a number of better parks in SF.  Golden Gate, Buena Vista, etc.   But just because it isn't the best doesn't mean it isn't nice.  Mainly it's close to my house, but beyond that it always has a really chill vibe.  The dogs help.  Also the babies.  Seems like the ratio of dogs+babies / loud drunk people is really high.  My kind of park!Stay out of the east end, that's where the mud from the dogs is.  Bring a blanket and picnic at the top of the hill on the west end, that's much nicer.   Bring a stick and a dog and play fetch, or just watch.
This park was a lot of fun for my pup, he got to run around playing with other dogs and no matter what time of day I went, there were other dogs! The only downside is that it isn't fenced in, so you have to watch your dog pretty carefully to make sure they don't get too excited with the chase and run into the busy streets that border the park.
Benched.Small park where the Castro meets the Haight. Occasional N Judah passing by reminds you this is indeed a big city.Plenty of grass area for relaxing and as others have shared plenty of it is used for dogs to roam. Really liked the numerous benches in case you don't have something to sit on.While it might not have the views of Dolores Park or the expansive nature of Golden Gate Park there is a charm and intimacy that makes Duboce stand on its own.
This park is great!It's three blocks from my house.It's an off leash dog park perfect for playing fetch with my buddy jack dog.People generally control their dogs there( for the most part)The dog owners generally leave you alone (I hate when every owner tries to befriend you.. Leave me alone, I'm just trying run my dog in peace) It's not huge but I like the layoutOh and it's lower Haight on your way to Castro/mission district so it's usually good weather.
This is one of the nicest expanses of grass in the area. While there is a playground and a nice area for people to have a picnic with a view of the city skyline, the bulk of the park is devoted to the leash-free dog area where dogs of all sizes and their owners mix it up in this neighborhood space. Dogs can actually play fetch, run and have fun.The nice thing is that there is a relatively nice community feel and welcoming spirit with good dog etiquette as most people will pick up after the dogs - although there are some exceptions of course. And most people actually come here to play with their dogs and / or watch them. One of the reasons you should watch your dog (and why the grass is always pretty green) is that the parks department fertilizes the grass with fish emulsion of some kind which makes it tasty for most dogs - that's why you'll see lots of them eating the mud. Another impact of that is that you could trip if you're not careful. And given that there's no fence on the one side of the park that faces the Muni rails, really does mean you're going to have to watch after your dogs -- which is a good thing after all.There's a set of nice drinking fountains for dogs, kids and adults. Nice park benches. Popular around 8 o'clock to 9 o'clock in the morning, noon and then after work.
While I wouldn't come and spread out a blanket on the grass (1. because of 'litter' left by pet owners and 2. it's hella windy), I do love coming here to watch the dogs. If you can't own your own dog, at least you can come to Duboce and see a variety of dogs running, playing fetch, and trying to hump each other.And if you're really lucky, maybe you can make friends with your favorite dog's owner and take him/her on walks when the owner is away!
Pop quiz--If you're in San Francisco with just a few hours before your flight home, stuck with zero cash left in your wallet, what do you do?Nothing.I don't mean for "nothing" to be bad.  I loooove doing nothing.  Just sitting around and existing, trying to be all zen-like.  It helps if there's lots of sunshine, a beautiful setting, and good company.And there's no better place to nothing than Duboce Park.All I did was corral some company, bring a blanket, and lie here for hours, taking in the breeze and the people-watching.And not just people-watching -- dog-watching too!Duboce Park features poopsters galore.  Big ones, little ones, but mostly ones dressed in froofy costumes by their yuppie owners.Of course, being surrounded by adorable poopsters being having to deal with their stinky by-products.  Yes, Duboce Park smells like poop, but you get desensitized to it after the first 15 minutes or so.And do you know what else?  It's a piece of cake to get to, too.  It's right on the Duboce & Noe stop on N Muni line, so all you have to do is step out of the rail car and plop your picnic basket down.  There's a playground for the tykes, too.Enjoy!
It is a scenic city park and convenient in terms of setting - it is located next to a Muni stop, a cafe at a corner, few more cafe's nearby, close to Haight Street, Church Street, and small in size and surrounded by neat neighborhoods.  Still, the park is without the  kind of spectacular vistas you'd expect from the best parks like Alamo Square or Buena Vista (both nearby).It is primarily a dog park - so I am sure the dog owners rate it very highly. I wouldn't, not that I have anything against the dogs. It's not among the best of people parks - grass gets spotty, ground isn't well drained so you might risk stepping into a puddle - which would be terrible in your Sunday best (or even in jeans and flops).Watch out for:- Soggy spots and mud pools- Dogs that might come steal your food- Doggie doo doos that aren't picked upAlternatives:- Walk instead to Dolores park for people watching- Or up to Alamo Square with a blanket for a quaint picnic with view of City
This dog "park" is not fenced -- only a decorative fence with multiple openings sets the area off from the rest of the park. The day I went, folks were gathered under the shade of a large tree chatting while their dogs ambled in and out of the dog area, many leaving enormous clumps of dog-do in the grass. It was pretty disgusting. I think it would be vastly improved by having a dog-do bag dispenser on site. The grass is lovely and the folks are friendly -- I appreciate the neighbors' good reviews describing the park as charming and community-oriented -- but my experience was that you have to be prepared to keep a close eye on your dog at all times.
i loooove this little park in near the castro (down noe rd). it's so clean with a large amount of space to throw ball around, fall asleep under a tree on the lush green grass, have a picnic, or even have your kids and dogs play (there is a playground for kids). i love that it feels secluded and has a nice view of the residence around it.
Nice dog park. Close to public transportation, nice view. Have basketball courts, tennis court.
As others have said, this is a low-key, relaxing park that's a nice break from the filth and harrowing sights of the Mission. You certainly wouldn't come here to people watch as there isn't much surrounding activity nor traffic, but by the same token it also means you won't happen upon someone pissing themselves, engaging in naked partner yoga or eating graham crackers out of a dumpster. All those things that make people irritatingly exclaim "gosh darnit, gotta love San Francisco!"The dog watching here is excellent. Situate yourself on the upper green with the other readers, bust out your blanket and Kindle and unwind with your neighbours. There is tons of space for dog owners to play fetch or have a good tussle with their pets. The park is clean, gets good sun and is never crowded or teeming with unstable residents. What more can you ask for from a park?
This is a cool park. It's very clean and well maintenanced. Friendly vibe neighborhood with tons of eateries. Great place to lay down and relax in the sun.
Not only can I bring Felix here to run until he throws up his breakfast, I can read a book while absentmindedly throwing that Chuck-It to induce him to exhaustion, sit on a bench (my favorite is the one closest to Duboce on the West side of the park) and have a Dad date, plan a menu for the night and then head over to Safeway to get ingredients to make it a reality, listen to that macaw in one of the Victorians across the street scream to holy hell, and wish that I never had to work another day if it meant I could sit there and soak up the sun while doing any of the above.
Unless you like getting knocked down by out-of-control, off-leash dogs, avoid this park at all costs! I was merely walking on the sidewalk on my way somewhere else when I was bowled over by a huge pit bull chasing another dog. I fell over backward and injured my left arm. When I asked the owner why her dog wasn't on a leash she breezily replied "It's a dog park." Guess what? According to the signs at the perimeter of the field, she's correct. This is a situation that needs to change. A "dog park" needs to be fenced off from the other areas (like in Upper Noe.) Avoid this park until we can get the law changed!
Duboce Park is a fun and clean (albeit smaller) patch of grass that kisses both the Castro and Lower Haight neighborhoods.  I like this spot because of the community feel and beautiful houses nearby.  I also have yet to see any doggy brawls here, which is comforting.  It seems like the weather is always at least decent if not glorious at Duboce; it's as though the park signed a binding contract with Helios ages ago that we're still enjoying today.  It'd be nice if there were another water fountain at this place since the benches aren't near it.  I also wish they'd finish construction soon.  Nonetheless, this doggy domain is one we frequent and like a lot!
take off one star for not being completely fenced, but other than that?  this is a great space.   lots of green grass and lots of dogs.   mine were just really all over it.  playin hard, runnin hard.   folks friendly too, and even if it isn't a HUGE park, it did what it needed to do.  excersize my babies.    lots of dog poop bags and spots to put it away.   lots of people, and lots of dogs.   very happy with this.  we stumbled upon it, as a friend we visited?  pointed it out to us.thanks mark.
This was the park I used to go to as a child growing up a few blocks away in the 80's. Back then it wasn't as much of a dog park as it is now, it was mainly a green space to relax and enjoy some activities. Now, the old playground that used to be the main attraction here is definitely second fiddle to the adjacent dog park. It's still a nice park, but it's a different park than it was then. There were definitely more kids in the neighborhood in the 80's than there are now, so that led to the change as well I assume. The neighborhood changed and the park did along with it, it's clearly not for kids anymore and it bothers me some because I'm not sure all the changes were for the better.
Let's face it, proximity has a huge weight my judgement call here...But even if I weren't so close by, Duboce would still be up there for my of my favorite weekend destinations.  Fluffy dogs, fluffy grass, and a picnic blanket-- what more could you want?  On warm San Franciscan Saturday afternoons, Duboce is the escape you've always been looking for.  Grab a picnic blanket, a good book, and a snack, and you're set for the afternoon.  Duboce is a neighborhood gem fit for families and dog owners. Stick to Dolores if you're in the mood for youth and people-watching, but if you want someplace a bit less crowded and more intimate (and dog-friendly), go Duboce.  Oh, and don't forget to check out the Harvey Milk center right nearby.  It has restrooms and a good number of arts and crafts courses to choose from.
Dogs! Everywhere!Don't get me wrong, I like dogs, even adore petting them as they come sniffing at my ass while I read a book on one of the benches at Duboce Park. But stepping through doggie pee and poo... not so much my thing, and that's pretty much what you get at this park.  However, it is the park closest to my apartment, and I end up here at least once a week curled up with a book as I watch the dogs play. While Duboce Park isn't amongst my top city green spots, I'm glad something like this exists so close to where I live.
Lots of ways to get to this accessible park, and it's a nice, less hectic counterpart to nearby Dolores.
Very fun dog park that's ultra convenient. Always fun to chat it up with randoms while we all watch our pups play. Usually small to medium sized dogs, that are very well behaved. Seen only one dog that attempted to create altercation with another, but the owner quickly whisked him back to their home. And much less windy than other dog parks in the city.Can get quite muddy. And my pup is guilty of sometimes bugging petless people just trying to sit and enjoy their Duboce Park sandwich.
I could spend a few hours every weekend here. The perfect place to be on a sunny day complete with lots of dogs, beautiful nature and friendly hipsters (unlike those in Dolores). You simply cannot beat the location! Grab a veggie sandwich from Love N Haight or some ice cream at Three Twins and chill. The vibe is very relaxed and I've never had poop problems. Duboce is where I come to unwind, fulfill the emptiness in my dogless life and fall back in love with the city.
I was so happy when my baby was finally trained enough to be trusted running freely around this park. We had been hesitant about taking him to fence-less parks, especially since this one also has the N-Judah running directly next to it. It's a very well maintained park. The grass-less areas get fenced off to prevent dogs from running around in the mud and to promote grass growth. Our favorite weekend activity is to buy sandwiches from Ike's, walk a few blocks, sit on one of the park's many benches, and eat while we watch our dog play. There are some regulars here who come more to socialize than to have their dogs enjoy themselves. Filtering out those noisy people, we usually have a great time.
This park is AWESOME!  Water fountains for humans AND dogs, benches for humans, and separate grass areas for humans and off-leash dogs.  The people who come here are always really nice, and all different kinds of dogs are always here.  The grass is great and never really muddy (my dog likes to eat mud).  If you see me, you'll know because my dog is the shepherd who likes to hump French bulldogs and Boston terriers.
Came here on an amazing SF day with my boy 'parsley' and we had a blast. This park is not huge but it is at a great , authentic location. There were a lot of people hanging out on the grass, people with their dogs and the view of the victorian houses, N-Judah passing by and the trees etc make it a perfect day at the park in the city! =))I wish there was an off leash gated area for parsley, i am just nervous to have him off leash, b/c i never know what my crazy cute boy will find interesting.. but it is probably not ideal for the park, it is not that big of a space.Anyways, would def. come back here on another amazing SF day!=)
I am sure for the right dog this is a great place to play. Unfortunately our dog was underwhelmed. We were also.- She was intimidated by the MUNI running right alongside the edge of the park. And we were worried since there is nothing to prevent the dogs from running out into the busy surrounding Castro streets or onto the MUNI train tracks.- She runs really far and really fast and the park is too small to stretch out like that. It is basically a fairly small patch of green grass in one city block. Other dogs were able to run in circles and get exercise but she doesn't really know how to do that, so she mostly sniffed and sat.- There was a lot of poop on the ground. People here are not cleaning up. It was kind of gross.- There were homeless and/or mentally struggling people wandering around. One of them had a cat in a carrier, which seemed like he was using it as a reason to sit in the park undisturbed.- The people were friendly. Very funky/hipster type of vibe.- We probably would not go back as there are other larger (and in my opinion, safer) dog parks that meet our athletic little doggie's needs better.
This park is so great for family fun. There is a train that goes by that kids love to watch, a sandbox, great climbing structures for older and younger children. I love that there is a fence around the park for kids because there are dogs that can scare the kidos but I have one issue. No bathrooms. It's a big deal for kids that have to go right now! Also I have noticed that there are children unattended going to the bathroom in the bushes, so mom's please pop in on your nanny's if you want to know if your kid is attended or not. Get bathrooms and you get 5 stars!
My new favorite place to take my dog since we moved into Duboce Park!It's covered in grass and well maintained.  Dog owners keep track of their dogs and pick up after them (including myself)A large area is dedicated to off leash dogs which is nice but there are designated areas for no dogs and dogs on leash as well if you are not a dog owner.There is always a good amount of dogs for my puppy to socialize with other dogs.  It's also across the street from Duboce Park Cafe if you want to get a quick bite or coffee before going to the park.It's also down the street from Animal House if you need to grab some dog supplies (Also highly recommend!)
Beautiful dog park! Unfortunately, it isn't fenced entirely, so we didn't let our dogs off leash (we worried cause the muni comes by often & they're not entirely voice-controlled). But, I did find that I didn't see one poo "land mine" & people were really friendly. The dogs seemed pretty friendly, too, and our girls did get some energy out. Worth checking out if you're in SF and have some time to kill. Even better if your pooch friend is with you! Just watch that they don't run in the street, or keep them on leash. :)
Romantic. Despite having too many kids and no dogs.
It's only the best dog park, ever. First of all its covered in grass, not like the dusty dirt lots where you sometimes find dog parks. It's extremely well maintained, and people do a good job picking up after their dogs.Also, there's a half for dogs and a half for people to read, sunbathe, eat etc. The dog half is a little lower, so you can sit on the hill with a great view of the park. You might hear little kids running around in the play area behind you, but you can just ignore them.Great location in the lower Haight, near Duboce Park Cafe and plenty of little eateries where you can sit and eat outside.
If you're looking for a place to let your dog frolic there are way better spots than this one. They only get a small roped off area that has no character what so ever. I have also encountered several snobby dog owners on more occasions than I care to count. If you live right there go for it but if you can drive a few minutes take your fur children to Bernal Hill, Land's End, or Fort Funston.
I walk past this park at least twice a day to get on and off the N. Although I don't have my own dog, I have often found myself with a friend who has a dog or enjoying the view with a friend without a dog. Both occasions, very enjoyable. It is fun to watch the dogs interact and run free in such a large space in a nice little neighborhood. My only issue is how close the N rail run by the park, unfortunately I have seen a few dogs stray near the tracks and people running after them especially in the morning when the train runs so frequently. So it's best to be aware of your dogs personality.At that location is also the Harvey Milk Center and a small playground for kids. Which is often packed! Even after I've gotten off work and it is getting dark out. The neighborhood atmosphere is really phenomenal. There is an activity board highlighting current and past community events. One of the most hysterical things I have seen getting off the N after work was for a gentleman's birthday, apparently every year, he stands in the park while his friends hand strangers pie tins filled with whipped cream to smash in his face. It was quite entertaining. I'll be sure to look out for him again next year!
I love Duboce. I am currently Lower Haighting due to bizarre circumstances most oft referred to as my life. Ce la vi. Anyways, the moose monster (aka Jezzie) now has acclamated herself to this park after a transitional stretch from Carl and Cole and GGP. In this part of the city, the dogs are all awesome. I dont know why, but they are all friendly and playful. Plus they have the doggie water fountain and a cordoned off area for the kiddos and the bipeds. Great small park, not a scenic as Dolores, but pretty much a dog haven. Viva, Duboce!
First, let me just say that I'm not a dog owner, but I'm a definite dog person.  I love dogs.  I also love Duboce Park, in theory, because it's a place where humans and dogs can peacefully co-exist.  This is thanks to the three separate sections -- one where dogs can run off-leash, one where dogs must be on-leash, and one which is supposed to be just for people.The problem is that lots of dog owners here don't respect the rules.  They let their dogs run around off-leash, wherever.  That means if you're sitting with friends on a blanket in the non-dog area, you must be constantly vigilant for random dogs coming and stealing your sandwich or getting up in your business.  You also have to be vigilant for dog droppings-- even though garbages and baggies abound, some dog owners here apparently just can't be bothered.That aside, this is a great, peaceful park in a great location.  It's a nice alternative to the often chaotic / dirty scene at Dolores.  Here's hoping it stays that way!
Love this place and the surrounding neighborhoods. My dog would love living near here.
Please, please pick up after your dogs.I love parks and frequent Dolores Park a lot. But this park is like a giant dog toilet. I have two dogs but am always considerate of other people.Also, the park is awkward. There's a weird new fence that makes it feel less "parky". I somehow don't feel like this is a real park. Also, they put the most trees by the houses that already make the area have more shade and didn't put any trees on the other side of the park. And somehow, no matter how warm other parts of the city  are, this park is always cold...don't ask me how.AND, there's always kids running around and getting into awkward shenanigans with dogs. People are weird about kids and dogs...I'll walk to Dolores Park, thank you.
I really enjoyed going to Duboce yesterday. I went with my little from BBBS and we tossed around a football. Duboce is a doggy park and my little loves dogs so it was fun to watch him play with dogs. The park is much more laid back and less frequented, which offers a great alternative to Delores.
I love bringing my little goober here to play. He has a blast. I sometimes get a little worried/nervous since there are no fences around the park and it's right on a pretty busy street, but it's never actually been a problem. This is a great place to be on a nice and sunny day.
Duboce Park (hereinafter "DP" or "Duboce") is flat out one of the best uses of open space recreational space I've ever seen.While the prevailing sentiment is that Duboce is ultimately a dog park I'd like to point out that this is very misleading.  Indeed, Duboce is both a gateway to, and the heart of, or rather the fulcrum of, the surrounding Lower Haight, DTN, and Buena Vista Heights neighborhoods.  Yes, there are a lot of dogs.  In fact, almost at any given time, you'll spot (pun intended) a half a dozen dogs running around as if they're in doggie heaven.  Additionally, there are even dog planned events that use DP specifically because of this reputation...so in some ways, on the superficial level, it earns its notoriety.So on the dog tip: there are some chains that cordon off the dog area but they are really only suggestions as ANY dog can slip through.  Moreover, the chains only block off 3 sides...if your dog runs away a lot..this isn't the place for you.  There are dog height water bowls and numerous plastic bag dispensers.  There will numerous other dogs there too so the dog will have ample social time.  Lastly, a good assortment of places to sit a watch your dog mingle and play.  Overall dog park quality is very high.As a neighborhood center:  Many neighborhoods should look to DP as an inspiration on how to draw a community together.  On many weekends of the year Duboce is the sight of tag sales or little fairs as well as the aforementioned dog events.  It also has the N stop, as well as 1 block from a J stop, so it is readily accessible via public transit.  Lastly, there are community billboards that are updated frequently...As something other than a dog park: On a sunny day...there are actually a fair amount more humans than dogs.  In fact, these numbers have grown since the renovation and the separation of areas.  If one has a chance, or if one has a little monster (a child), one should visit the very very good playground...it is always busy with crazy little kids and exhausted adults.  There are basketball courts...and the Harvey Milk community recreation center...it is so much more than a dog park.My last comment...I usually take the N home...and when it starts up the little hill at Sanchez/Duboce the passengers on the car inevitably watch all the dog mirth in the park and smile.  There..they get to view the unadulterated joy dogs, and animals in general, bring to us...I always feel so lucky that this is my stop.  No matter how hard my day was..at 6pm...I can watch the dogs for 5 min and have it all melt away and walk the rest of the way home with a smile on my face.Now that is a great park.
Bipedal gremlins vs. DogsThis is kind of a no-brainer. The answer is clearly, cats. Duh.But yes, this is apparently the territory war going on here and I find it hysterical. I knew before moving to SF that there were more dogs than kids in this 7x7 land and that was just fine with me. Truth be told, I've never really been a dog person, but the idea of kids is even more foreign. But wow, people are paaahhhissssed over this at this park.I will agree that the park doesn't offer much in the way of a kid's space, but c'mon, how many dogs are lucky enough to go to Chuck E. Cheese or toy stores or sit at the end of the bar at Nopa like my friend's son does. These dogs have to settle for the cold, hard, often times human feces covered streets of SF. If they are lucky, they might get a chance to run free among the Mission hipsters as the wind flops their ears at Dolores Park or if they drew the short straw, they end up sitting in small apartments woefully staring out the window at me as I walk by them on my way to work in the morning with total sad doggie eyes. I say, give 'em the park! They're animals, they chase balls, they lick their balls. Why is this so complicated? The day dogs start being allowed to play poker or have witty retorts like Brian Griffin on Family Guy, then I'll start hearing your side, but until then, can't we all just get along?
Nice place! I usually take my puppy to Alamo Square, but he had a great time romping around here. Well manicured and ideally situated, a great place to hang. A little anxiety-inducing for dog owners since it's not fenced in but maybe that's just my paranoia talking.
Joe, our tiny, happy chocolate Yorkie, is cock o the walk, baby! Cock o the walk!  He has met enduring friends at Duboce. He loves to be chased, and he finds plenty of furry guys who love to oblige him.  I've never encountered a mean or anti-social owner here.  My fiance and I have met an array of interesting people, and stand in a huddle with them, psychoanalyzing our dogs, while denizens sunbathe, create weed clouds and people-watch. The grassy play area is plush and well-kept.  There are bags provided for poops, and the dog-owners seem wholly dedicated to poop responsibility.  There is a cute people/doggy water fountain.  It really is a great place to meet people and let our poor dogs off-leash.  On the corner of the park is a pretty nice deli restaurant - a nice place to relax with your dog on the sidewalk and drink a cool (or warm, as weather dictates) drink and people watch.
Like no other park in the city, Duboce Park struggles for an identity. Can we all coexist? Can the dog-shit haters learn to love a place for what it has to offer the non-dog owners? Can the parents tolerate a little pot smoking on the mound? Can the humans playing games in the humans-only (leash required) area deal with another dog marking their spot by the blanket and the bag of chips? Will the cops leave the homeless guys and the passed-out junkies alone and let them get some sleep? Will the taggers keep tagging the train shelter or will they cut some slack for the good citizen on the moped with the helmet who voluntarily repaints the graffiti (vice verca)? Can the homeowners crack open their gates and allow all of us to enjoy their yards and mansions for a one-day park-meets-wealthy community barbeque? Please?Like it or not, the park is free and it's a place that brings us all together and forces us to deal with our differences. Sometimes we do this with coffee and bagels. Other times it's sausages and beer.Meaningful moments of my life shared with Duboce Park:--Watching children dance around my neighbor Jonathan who was beatboxing in a 12-foot tall tree costume while we were collecting signatures for a petition to stop CPMC from tearing down the 30+ year-old trees on Noe Street--Pushing around a keg in a shopping cart with my friends, all dressed up like superheros--- Making out on a park bench under a full moon in a rare moment when NO DOGS occupied the dog area.--Watching Sean Penn play Harvey Milk in the dog doo scene of the movie "MILK." Watched the faux BART station being built for Will Smith's scene in "The Pursuit of Happyness."---Standing on a park bench for a half hour in the pouring summer rain, the only person in the whole park--Drinking Champagne to celebrate the California Supreme Court's decision to strike down the ban on same sex marriage.--- Dancing and playing in a purple sunset with at least 100 other people dressed up like Santa.
I wish I could love Duboce Park more than I do.For a dog-owner, this place is a dream.  Tons of other great owners, grassy lawns and pet fairs make this a great community treasure.However, I'm not a dog owner, and I've had a few bad experiences of sitting on/near dog poo in the park.  Certainly, last year's renovation and segmenting the park helped, but I still don't feel at home unless I have a dog.I do love the green-ness of the park and the open air when I walk by.  I just wish I wanted to spend more time there.
Flat, open, wide grassy grass. Other dog friends to run around, tackle, and sniff. All dogs have not gone to heaven they have gone to Duboce park.
I love this dog park.  I have been bringing my dog here for the last four years.  It's very community oriented and the other dog owners are really cool....most of them.  There are a few crazy dog owners, but not too many.  I won't state names, but there's a really funny dog owner who gives orders to his dog using complete sentences and paragraphs; as if the dog would know what the hell he's talking about.  He would say something like "Ralph, stop eating the mud, you're going to get sick and I'm going to have to clean up your puke and put you on a bland diet...you don't want to go on a bland diet do you.....I didn't think so....you're just doing it to test me  aren't you...yeah, keep it up and we won't go to the pet store later today when I get home from work." and it goes on and on and on, I'm not kidding.  A simple "no" or "stop" order or doggy demand would be suffice, but in his case, turns into a long speech.  We all know the dog isn't listening after the first two or three words.  In the meantime, you know he's waking up the neighborhood.  He's fairly loud.  I could hear him down the street, but it's all good.  He's a really cool guy and really good with dogs.  Anyway, I would rather hear someone yelling something like that, than to hear people yelling ghetto slang and all the other crap you hear from people at times. It's also the only park you could hear "stop eating the mud" being echoed throughout the park by at least six to ten dog owners at any given time.  It's really funny how a lot of us dog owners have been going to this park for years and talking to each other all this time, but refer to each other as so and so's dad, Ralph's dad, or Mandy's mom, etc.  It took me forever to learn a dog owners name, even though we would see and talk to each other everyday.
Before my BF and I went to Zeigeist we decided to head over to the Mission/Castro area a little early and enjoy some lunch at Duboce Park. We brought cheese and crackers and sat in the sun. Duboce Park is a great place to bring your dog (and your kids if you have those). There is a doggy park, playground, basketball court, and plenty of grassy areas to kick back and relax (or get your tan on which we noticed a couple of old men doing in their booty shorts!)We also saw a cute little cafe across the street where we picked up some coffee. The food looked and smelled pretty tasty. And my BF's Bathroom Report came out to an A+. To check out some pics we took go to sanfrancisconoobs.com/07…
Cool space, and there's nothing to add but this tip: When it's been raining, there is an unusually large amount of mud. The soil beneath the grass must not dry out quickly.  Whatever the case, don't wear nice shoes to this park, even if the ground looks firm.
I had a picnic one lovely summery, Sunday afternoon in Duboce Park. I took a leisurely walk from the Mission to Duboce Cafe. I saw the crowd at the cafe and I quickly made a beeline for the park. I sat near the edge of the park and pulled out my sandwich but after around 20 minutes I felt sick from the dog shit odor. The smell permeated the air and was festering in my skin. It is a nice park, the location is great but it is primarily an over sized dog bathroom and not picnic material.
I get super jealous walking by this place and watching everyone with their cute doggies. The greenery is appealing, and I get super turned on when the sprinklers go off at night... gives me that hometown running around after dark feeling... The only things that bug me are the feeling that it's a park for the sake of having a park... that sort of gentrified essence of zoned green space.. I'unno. Maybe I don't know the park's history?
Duboce Park is one of the reasons I love living in San Francisco.  One of the other reasons I love living in San Francisco is the intense battles between dog people and people who hate dog people, as evidenced by Duboce Park's reviews.The park itself isn't anything special, except that it's really special.  It's north of Duboce Triangle, which is probably the coolest San Francisco neighborhood there is (at least it has the coolest name), and there's a stop for the N-Judah on the street south of the playground.  Those features rate five stars right there.  End of review.But wait, there's more.A wonderful place to sit and read or just people and dog watch.  You have to avoid the dog poop, but you already knew that.  End of review.But wait, there's more.If you go to Duboce Park right now, you'll notice that two streets dead-end into its north side.  Walk on these streets, please.  It's kind of a Disneylandesque vibe but without the high prices of admission and all the annoying people in white who clean up constantly.  The people who live on these streets are among the luckiest in San Francisco.  End of review.
Great dog park.  We come hang out here to find what kind of dog we want to get and everyone is really friendly and loves talking about their dogs.  I prefer coming here on a warm day over Dolores park any day.  It is a lot calmer and more enjoyable.
A handy place for locals to relax or exercise their doggies without dealing with the grime of the mission...also a nice architectural relief from my N-Judah trip.
cool park!  great for dogs!!!!
Is your dog looking a little lonely? Is he/she hanging out at home wanting to spend time on the computer searching Match.com/bark instead of going to PetShop for a treat. Then let them run around Duboce Park meeting new friends. Perhaps they will find that special furry one.
This is a great park for dogs if they won't run off. I say that because my curious Beagle seems to want to follow anyone home. The park is quite large and that gives the all the dogs  a lot of space to run and fetch toys. The down fall about the park is that it doesn't have any fences so like I said if your dog tend to love everyone watch out she might walk off with somebody. The other fall back is that there are many mud holes so your dog might start eating it. I also have to warn all the people that want to have a nice picnic lunch that this is a dog park they will beg and steal your food.
I've been sick all week and haven't left my apartment in days. I decided since I was feeling better I should get some sunlight and fresh air before I become a hermit like like Nelle Harper Lee, except without a Pulitzer and a Faaaaabulous and thoroughly disturbed gay best friend.So I showered, threw on some clothes, put a few books in my bag and headed off to Duboce Park for a little r&r.A simple breeze was whispering against my ears and bare ankles; a group of happy (retired?? Student?? Plain old rich) dog owners stood  casually in a circle laughing, care-freely swinging Chuck-Its while their pooches merrily scampered after their booty (slime-crusted tennis balls); sleek jets roared overhead in elegant formation; singles, like me, lounged lazily on the perfectly manicured lawn (not a single dog poop did I run across) flipping slowly through books they pretended to read as they watched the canines romp.  There were audible chuckles from my lawn neighbors who couldn't help but giggle as their decrepit, senior-citizen boxer dog stared in awe as the hyperactive French Bulldog repeatedly tried to proposition him for playtime; or at the plump pugs who nosed their way into a group of mentally challenged adults eating lunch.It was the ideal unemployed San Francisco late morning. I didn't sit in crap, A harem of short busers kept me company, I spotted a few kids from my end of town hope on the back of MUNI, and I got to watch the gay dog community of San Francisco flirt shamelessly. The butterflies were a bit overkill though.
Poop park!  Ew.  I live a block away from this dog toilet and it stinks!  I always choose to go to Dolores when it's park day.  Duboce gets 2 stars for just being a park in a city.  That's a hard thing to do, it seems.  Plus, the dogs need a place to do their business, I guess.  Just wish owners would do a better job cleaning up the business on the sidewalks leading to the park.Also, love the raging debate that always shows up in our Duboce Triangle newsletter:  Should the kids be fenced off to let the dogs roam free?  Or fence off the dogs, & let the kids run free?  Ha ha ha!
really great park, but they should really fence it in for the dogs. it's so unsafe for them next to the muni!
I love dogs.I don't own a dog, but I love watching them rough-house with other dogs, dig in the dirt/grass, play fetch or catch a frisbee. This park is such an ideal place to sit on the bench and dog watch. There are plastic bags provided for dog owners and there's even a water fountain for dogs! If I were a dog, I'd give this park 4 stars as well!
Duboce Park is useless if you don't have a dog. Actually, it's less than useless because I end up making all kinds of excuses to stay inside. Me: It's a nice day out. We should, like, sit in a park or whatever.McV: Yes! Good idea.Me: Good thing I live steps away from a big, beautiful, grassy park.McV: Yes! Good thing....McV: But WAIT! The park is full of dogs. And dog poop.Me: Ewwww. Maybe we should bring towels or something to sit on.McV: Do you have a towel or something?Me: No....Me: You know, if we open the windows a little, my living room is ALMOST like a park. Plus, it's less windy.McV: And your living room has wireless.Me: And we don't have to bother with putting our beer inside paper bags.McV: And there aren't any dogs. Me: AND, there's no poop.McV: That's what YOU think!** just kidding, McV is housebroken.
Dieter thinks that Duboce Park is hot. In fact, last weekend, she saw this really hot Dalmation there. Unfortunately, he snubbed her. She came crying back to me. I tried to console her, but after 2 seconds of drooling on a tennis ball in my lap, she was ecstatic again. Nothing can go wrong in Duboce Park.
There's been a bit of drama in the division of this 2-block patch of park into a separate Dog Play areas and People/Children areas, but ultimately what's important (for me, at least) is that doggies will still get to play and romp off-leash in a majority of the park.This was once our primary park when Danny D. was still carting our pup to work in the SOMA and back on the N Judah which, conveniently wnough, stops right next to Duboce.  Being next to a very busy street, makes for a few heart-stopping moments as the dogs dart away from the sheltered areas of the park and towards the thoroughfare/ MUNI rails.Every  year we like going to the August "Dog Days" celebration which brings together the SPCA, Animal Care & Control, and various local merchants for a doggie-extravanganza. We also love that Duboce Park Cafe is near - for coffee and a snack in case we're at the park before we've had breakfast.
If you want puppies, this is the best place to go in the city. On the weekends, especially if it's good weather there are puppies galore!
My daughter and I hop on the N at least once a week to come here for three major reasons:1. There are other toddlers and young children around and their parents are, well, REAL people!2. The playground has all the right elements (swings, sand box, play structure, mini forrest, and fence)3. The N Judah is easily accessible.This is a great place for baby to play and mommy to get some work done:)
I'm sorry, can't a girl eat some veggies and study for a standardized test in peace without random canines coming over to sniff her ass? Duboce Park gives new meaning to the phrase "tossed salad."Poop on you, Duboce Park. And I mean that in both the imperative and the nominative senses.
Once upon a time, when I used to commute to work on that horribly unreliable N-Judah, the wait alone would get me so incensed that I often wouldn't be over it for well into the ride and sometimes not even over it by the time I reached my destination which really did take as long as I'm trying to make it sound here, consistently averaging 30+ minutes from the Cole Valley stop to the Montgomery station. I FIND THAT TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE. F MINUS MINUS AD INFINITUM. So here I'd be, each morning, hating life more and more by the second and trying my damndest to come up with some new excuse for being late (again), worrying about whether this was gonna be my last day on the job, trying to "read" the New Yorker while fighting off the old dude to my right without a sense of balance and the girl to my left with the oversized, intrusive Timbuk2 bag. Plus with all the track noise, you couldn't even hear your ipod at its highest possible volume setting. THERE WAS NO ESCAPE FROM THIS CATTLE CART TO HELL.EXCEPT for that very brief moment as we emerged from the Sunset Tunnel to a full view of Duboce Park with all the puppies frolicking gleefully across the grassy knoll while their happy-go-lucky human companions gently tossed a frisbee around to be chased and devoured by five other area puppies. That shit was so cute that for a moment I forgot where I was. Well pretty much until the train began pulling further and further away towards the dark pit of the subway and before I could manage to feebly mumble "Goodbye puppies..."
I have a French Bulldog - 'nuff said.
actually not impressed with this one. lots of poop around, couple of growling dogs.  high traffic area too
