The Exploratorium is already a great place to visit, but it is even better after dark.  If you are an adult, enjoy a mature party environment, don't mind sipping on some cocktails, like to have your mind and body stimulated, and want to bring your curious inner child and playful adult sides out to interact together, stop by Exploratorium After Dark and play scientist for an evening!When you go . . . arrive early.  We had the place almost to ourselves for the first hour or so.  The drink lines were short, there was no waiting for the exhibits, and we got to the view areas upstairs without any problem.  It does get busy after that first hour, so take advantage of everything popular, including the Tactile Dome, as early as you can.  Ask a staff member what activities are the most popular, and they will help you out.  And . . . be sure to catch the lectures.  They are really cool!My tips for your visit?  Hit the bar areas early (the drink costs are about right for an adults-only evening), get your glow on, let your hair down, and be uninhibited for the evening.  The Exploratorium is huge, so be sure to walk the exhibits early to determine which playgrounds you want to spend recess in.As it gets more crowded, grab another drink and see how many new friends you can meet.  Everyone is relaxed and playful, so you really can just be yourself and have some fun.
This was like a visit back to my high school and college days... because I was a science nerd!My travel pal, Yuri, and I drove from Los Angeles to San Francisco on a Thursday just to attend this special event for adults.  It used to be at the Palace of Fine Arts, but now it happens every Thursday evening (6pm - 10pm) at the Embarcadero's Pier 15.  We purchased our $15 tickets online and walked right in.  Parking was no problem because we used Lyft.Inside, away from the dark, cold, rainy, windy weather, was a very organized and spacious area to explore and play games.  There are six areas:1. Human Phenomena - Experiment with thoughts, feelings, and social behavior2. Tinkering - Think with your hands and explore your creativity3. Seeing & Listening - Experiment with light, vision, sound, and hearing4. Living Systems - Explore life from DNA and cells to organisms and ecosystems5. Outdoor Exhibits - Explore winds, tides, and natural phenomena6. Observing Landscapes - Uncover the history, geography, and ecology of the Bay AreaThere were stations to explain different concepts in Biology, Physics, Botany, Earth Science, etc.  There were mirrors, puzzles, pendulums, and other devices for hands on learning.  Oh - and there were bars for alcoholic beverages, but we didn't have time for that!  There was so much to do and see that they had to kick us out - LOL!So, if you have time and are curious, you might want to visit on a Thursday evening without school field trips.  It may be less crowded and calmer... enjoy!
I had a good time at Exploratorium After Dark. It's not as overpriced as during the day and it's perfect for a non-bar date night. We roamed around and played with everything like we were kids. Although alcoholic beverages were available, I opted to skip out on those.I loved the mirrors and the exhibits about light and sound. I find the Exploratorium to be a lot more fun than the Academy of Sciences. I suppose they are very different and the Exploratorium is much more hands on and you can learn more concepts.I wish I had this level of interest in science in high school. Back then, I dreaded physics class and barely got by in chemistry.
Science has always captured my curiosity for as long as I can remember. How did the earth come to be? What is nature versus nurture principle? When X amount of pressure builds up along Y height of the pipe does it equal to Z seconds of explosion? Why. When. How. What. If... Then.Exploratorium lets you ponder all these questions and gives you the answers that you need with their thought provoking exhibits and fun displays. I love waiting for the geyser to spew out water; posing and capturing my shadow with high speed camera; marveling at the toothpick sculpture by Scott Meyer and last but not least, the very fun giant mirror! Factor in CH3CH2OH (The most important molecule to know from organic chemistry) and you got yourself a match made in Janice C. Heaven!! ;) my only complaint is, there aren't enough bars to get your drink here versus Cal Academy nightlife.If it gets too stuffy inside, don't forget to check out the breathtaking views of the bay bridge and Alcatraz from their outdoor patio.For only $10, your Thursday nights will never be boring again.
Finally got the chance to see the new Exploratorium thanks to Janice C! The last time I went, it was years ago when it was located at the Palace of Fine Arts, so this was a treat. We all met up last Thursday, October 29th around 6:30pm.The views of the bay are amazing! Thanks Rodney H for showing us the outside patio upstairs. Lots of photo ops. Perfect to share with a significant other or a good friend. They also have benches in front of giant glass windows where you can enjoy the views from inside if it's a little too chilly outside.Now to me, the point of going to After Dark is the liquor! I've been to the Cal Academy of Sciences for their version of this and I remember there were bars everywhere! I never had to wait long for a drink. This was the only thing I found lacking at After Dark. We'd have to search for a bar and then there was always a line. It took a good 15 mins to grab a drink. They provided a good array of spirits: Hanger 1 vodka, Rhum barbancourt rum, Pueblo viejo tequila, Great king street blended scotch whisky and Blade gin. I stuck with the Four roses bourbon. They also offered beer and wine.The exhibits always appeal to my inner child. Whether it be something I can play with or just an interesting educational display, it's always fun walking around and seeing what appeals to me. I especially liked the Illuminated fog, Geysers, Giant mirror, Colored shadows, Slinky trampoline and Scott Weaver's Toothpick sculpture. The giant mirror kept us entertained for quite some time as it was super trippy walking around in front of it. Bobby L showed his skills with the slinky trampoline. When none of us could do it for longer than 5-10 seconds, Bobby made it go on forever. The toothpick sculpture is impressive as well. It took the artist 40 years to make it, but he recently added his face to the sculpture. It was frustrating for some to find, but I found the whole process amusing. You should drop by to see if you can find it.As always, I had a great time at the Exploratorium. Even more so with a little liquor. Now if they could just work on having more bars. I'd be able to quench my thirst more often!
Came here after seeing their event page on Facebook for After Dark: Glow. The pictures on the page made it look like it would be a lot of fun with LOTS of lights/blacklights/neons/glowsticks kinda like a mini-rave! I did some research on it and was excited to see a whole list of exhibits/installations/demonstrations; I was intrigued by the "glowing bubbles" activity... O__OFrom 6PM-10PM on certain Thursdays, Exploratorium After Dark mimics California Academy of Sciences' Nightlife (But really, who started it first?? Don't know, don't mind) in that they close off the museum to only adults 21+, serve alcohol at bars strewn around the museum, and play music. However, it seemed a lot more ~quiet~ than Cal Academy's Nightlife in that the Exploratorium's music only seemed to be playing in one area. Looking back on it, it's understandable as a lot of exhibits require listening/concentrating. The SO and I actually didn't get any drinks that night since EVERY bar had a long ass line of people, and I counted at least 4 bars around the place... maybe they need more! We really did enjoy that there were essentially less people (aka no kids! :D), which made it easier to check out some exhibits we couldn't before. For example, we were actually finally able to tinker around with that wall with the holes where you connect the thingamajigs to make the marble travel as slow as possible, only we tried to make it travel at top speed. That was fun. Onto some highlights: 1. We were able to catch one or two magic tricks by this guy at one of the booths. He was really good and was very interactive with the audience. 2. Monochrome room: there was a candy machine full of jelly beans all sepia-toned until you flash a flashlight on it. The SO was able to grab like three mounds of jellybeans to eat... dummy lol 3. The dry ice exhibit in the landscapes area was super cool. I could have sat and watched those things swim about all night. Check it out!4. The Social Behavior area was probably the most interesting to me. Definitely a cool place to learn about someone when you're on that first date haha... Trust me, I know... :T But that story's for another time! 5. The Light Orchestra was cool to look at from afar. We saw a girl going HAM all up on it, really making the installation dance. Some lowlights (in regards to the "theme" for the night):1. The glowing bubble activity was basically a dark room with a blacklight and people not really doing anything. It also seemed really messy, so it was mainly the workers doing the bubble blowing and those brave souls who dipped their hands in the bubble solution and clapping their hands to create a colorful explosion. The SO pointed out "wow this is just like one of those hotel rooms" when we saw all the hand prints and streaks of neon on the walls hahahaha we nope'd out there pretty quick but since our way out was also the way in, people coming in didn't care and just kept filing in while we waited for a chance to push through... really? 2. Though there were a bunch of exhibits about light, I was hoping that After Dark as a whole would be a little more upbeat. It wasn't the mini-rave I thought it would be in my head. STILL, the Exploratorium was extremely fun (especially without kids running around) and the SO and I learned so much, we burnt out by almost 9PM. Even then, we didn't check out ALL the experiments. Overall, for the $15 ticket price (about half price of general admission during regular hours and about $3 more than at Cal Academy), the Exploratorium After Dark events are totally worth going. It's definitely a great place to take a date and explore together. I love that there's so much hands-on activity going on in this place, heh heh.
Came here for a company event in the evening. Overall it was not bad, no kids, drinks and food.  They had a band and a DJ in different areas. It's an interesting space, and pretty cool concept.
Exploratorium After Dark is pretty similar to Nightlife at the CA Academy of Sciences.  It's 21 and over only, most of the exhibits are open, and there are bars located throughout the museum.  It's one of the few times where you can go to the rooftop outside the conservatory and enjoy a lovely view of the bay.Like Nightlife, it's a nice change of pace to visit with an adults only crowd without kids running around and fighting for the exhibits.  Though even though it's an older crowd, sometimes you'll have to end up waiting in line for some of the popular exhibits.One nice thing is that Seaglass Restaurant is conveniently open during this time if you need some food, since there aren't too many food options around.  The food is decent, but priced at a premium though.If you haven't been to the Exploratorium, simply because of the busy weekend crowd, Exploratorium After Dark is a great way to get acquainted with the museum.  It's $15 for After Dark, which is actually much cheaper than going during general admission hours at $29.  And similar to what I said in my earlier review of The Exploratorium, even though you'll be with a more adult crowd, when you're tinkering around with the exhibit, you'll simply feel like a kid again.
event $15/adult6pm - 10 pm *try to push people towards exit at about 5 tilIt was my first time at the Exploratorium since they moved from the Palace of Fine Arts to Pier 15, so prior to this visit -- it had been over 10 years since I went to the Exploratorium. *Wooo! time fliesSince they opened at the pier, I have been hearing about their after dark hours for adults. Cool exhibits and booze, cannot beat that. So my boyfriend and I said we would check it out.We totally failed and didn't manage our time well, we got to the pier after 8pm to traffic and it was raining. *darn. BUT because we were in a bit of a rush, we did not bother checking for surround parking lots, we found street parking within yards of the museum entrance. *score! Since this is happening at night and the event was well in full swing, less likely chance of people fighting over parking spots.Initially walking into the main entrance, you're not really sure what to expect your first time in. I vaguely remember the setup at Palace of Fine Arts, so I was wondering how they could set this up on the pier. as soon as you walk into Gallery one (of 5) just surrounded and overwhelmed with intriguing exhibits. Each Gallery has a theme. Sight and sound, tinkering objects, wild life, etc.Continuing into the museum, it opens up and give you an idea of how massive the space is. there's work shops, labs and offices opened up for display for visitors where the contributing staff, during the day, openly work. Each exhibit has instruction on how to properly use whats available to use and an explanation as to what you may be looking for to happen. So if yoh do not want to read, this place is NOT for you.I am not one for science but this place is so damn cool. I would spend hours on end to try and absorb the information that good be attained here. The possibilities are endless.It is a great possibility that I will be coming back to the Exploratorium some time soon during the day or after dark. Whenever my little heart desires.
I have attended the NightLife events at Cal Acad and was excited to see what After Dark would be like. I actually haven't been to the new location until now. I went to the photography themed event last night and bought my ticket through Citi rewards but didn't know I had to print out a copy for the Exploratorium to keep (I didn't read the small text, my fault). So, I had to deal with that for a little bit at the ticketing desk. Staff was helpful and we got everything resolved! My friend and I arrived a bit after 7 so I was anxious to get in ASAP.Finally walked in and immediately hit up a bar. Canned beer is $5, cocktails $9 and wine for... I don't know haha. I got an Oskar Blues Old Chub and a Maui Big Swell IPA during my night. Prices are fairly affordable for such an event. Bars were in abundance! They weren't hard to locate either - and we were provided with a map if we needed help. The smaller looking bars seemed to be cash only, and the larger ones took both card and cash.The event was busy but it wasn't uncomfortably crowded, which I was actually expecting it to be like. A group of ladies was there for a bachelorette party which I thought was such a great idea. There were a bunch of exhibits to explore and I definitely was not able to cover all of them! My favorite was the Living Systems areas, as I like the natural sciences, and also the phone/safe exhibit! There were a few talks going on and some activities that we didn't make it to in time. But we were able to attend the cow eye dissection! My friend and I were able to interact with a lot of the exhibits. We hadn't had dinner yet (drinking on an empty stomach, you know that feel) so we decided to check out what they had available. I don't know if there were any other stations but we found the main dining area. They were already sold out of tacos, which looked like the best dish. The prices were in the teens... which I kinda expected but also didn't considering that the drinks were affordable.After exploring a bit more, I noticed that the fire alarm was going off! No one was making a big deal yet so we started walking around again. A staff member near us began to tell patrons to make our way to the nearest exit. Everyone, including staff, was calm and cooperative. We stood outside for a bit until we were told to make our way towards the Embarcadero. Firetrucks arrived shortly after (so fast!) and then we were told the Exploratorium was now closed for the night. It was about 9:45 so the event would have ended in 15 minutes anyway. Kinda sad we had to leave a little early but we still enjoyed After Dark. Good event for groups and dates - similar concept as NightLife except obviously in a different kind of museum. The crowd at After Dark actually seemed a little older than the ones I've seen at NightLife - I assume it's possibly because NightLife usually hosts DJs and musical guests. I'm not sure if After Dark has hosted live music before, but if they did, that would be cool too. I hope to be back to experience another theme - photography was cool but not really of my interest. Sooooo, I love drinking and I love museums - put the two together and I'm there!
This was my first time at the new Exploratorium, and I was so impressed (and slightly overwhelmed) by how much there is to do. There are a truly astounding number of fun, hands-on learning experiences here. I don't think you could do everything in one night, but it's worth it to come back. The people that work here as so bright and passionate and excited about the research the Exploratorium is doing, so it's worthwhile to stop and talk to staff for a bit. The location is really wonderful; we grabbed dinner at the Ferry Building before and made it the perfect date night. I can't wait to come back and see the rest of the place!
I haven't been in the Exploratorium since I was 8 at the old location and had decided to come here with a friend of mine to see the new place. This place is pretty cool! I've gone to this event twice now and I have to say that for 4 hours of interactions with the museum with drinks (sold separately) for $13 is a fair deal to me! What makes this a great place to go out with friends or going out on a date are the interactive stations (from sight, sounds, feels, to even mental experimental stations) that you can hop on do the experiment with them. Another cool thing about this place is that every week is a new theme so there's at least one new exhibit in the place. I haven't tried the tactile dome yet but I plan on trying that sometime in the future. Definitely recommending this place to anyone that wants to have fun time with friends or a couple that wants to go out on a date. I will be back!
I love After Dark! It is held the first Thursday of every month from 6:00pm to 10:00pm. Tickets are $15 for general admission, and they are best bought in advance. There are so many interactive exhibits and special showcases at the Exploratorium. You can check out the upcoming programs on their website when you purchase tickets. They call this the "intellectually stimulating playground for adults" and I could not describe this more perfectly. Enjoy a cocktail... or two... or three... with your friends or date while wandering around everything that the Exploratorium has to offer. There is so much to learn (and drink) in four hours. I have not heard of such a concept anywhere else except for SF, so this is even a good place to bring your crew from out-of-town!
The old STEM folks were in heaven....three ex-labbies and a programmer played for several hours.We took our daughter many times to the old location and she in-turn has taken the DGD's here, but we had not yet been to the new facility.  Not far from BART, very big with many, many fun displays. Wow....location location!!  Beautiful views at night...I love that this is adults only....then you can get your hands on without risking taking a young persons turn.My personal favorite?  A clear sphere that demonstrated the concept of particle acceleration.  Just resonated!We could not get to everything.....We did attend a lecture on Lasers. For the three ex-labbies it was cool to see our joint ex-project featured as an application. Did we learn anything?....maybe not ;-)What fun!!
SO. MUCH. FUN.We got there a half hour after the doors opened and we didn't even get close to seeing everything. The little presentation on Nitrogen was fun and informative and the sheer amount of clever contraptions is awesome. A throwback to high school physics class but with the addition of red wine.Perfect date night!
For $15 I was entertained for a solid 4 hours-- and that's not easy to do!First of all, the Exploratorium is much larger than it looks from the Embarcadero.  After wandering around for 4 hours I still don't think we covered every exhibit!  This is ok because we are definitely going back next month :)There is certainly no shortage of bars throughout this event and the lines to obtain a cocktail were non-existent or minimal.  Seriously-- even the auditorium that we ducked into for a presentation had a bar in the back!  Sweet!The far east end of the Exploratorium has a terrific view of the water and the Bay Bridge light show.  We spent the last 30 minutes or so of this event hanging out and taking the view in.  Oh, and of course a bar was nearby so that was cool too! Side note:  My group of friends had a few happy hour cocktails at PIer 23.  This was an awesome meeting point and it's very close to the Exploratorium!
$15 ticket is very worth itstarted at 7 pm and was extremely burnt out by 9 pm. it's a lot of information and very fun but way too much information. would recommend seeing the entire exploratorium over a span of 2-3 visits. go with at least a friend since there are many partner activities. definitely a good date option.dont smoke in the restroom- you will set off the fire alarm and waste 30 min of everyones time
this was super fun!! we had previously done the CAS after dark, which was also super fun, but had heard that the Exploratorium had a lot more hands on things to do.... no kidding! it was a throwback to those science experiments I did as a kid, learning about physics, colors, light, etc... there was so much to do, I don't even think we got through half of it!! lines to get drinks were long. I only saw two drink stations so it might be quicker to go to the seaglass cafe and grab a beer. if you're looking for a fun night of activities, this is the place to go.
Date night with the misses on the other side of the world, sounds cool huh? It def. was! We euros are not used to do stuff like this on dated but we had a hell of a time here. We loved every bit of this museum, we had fun doing the exhibits! Too bad cameras werent allowed!
I've been to night life a few times at the academy of science, but for some reason i'd much prefer the exploratorium.You can actually interact with different little exhibits.This is definitely a fun spot to get educated after a few wine or beer.
Such a fantastic date night or night out with friends.  Enjoy food and drinks while exploring the museum.  During After Dark, there are far fewer children and families, and it mostly attracts young professionals for happy hour after work.  Drink prices are reasonable, about $9 for (bottom-shelf) cocktails.  I'm a member of the Exploratorium, so my one complaint is that membership doesn't include After Dark :/  We get a $5 discount, but I've only been to the Exploratorium once during the day - all my visits end up being during the one time that's not included.  I also don't like that there are other exhibits inside that have an extra charge.  But, $10 (or even full price at $15) is still a good deal for a full night of fun.Note: Only happens the first Thursday of the month.  Watch out for parking meters.  The meter maids are particularly aggressive during after dark.
i love pressing buttons and touching everything.  i love it even more with alcohol in my hand.  i love it even more when theres no kids in the way.  this is perfect! for $15 you can do all that.  well more once you pay for alcohol.  my only gripe is theres a lot of reading involved.  i dont wanna read.  i just wanna press buttons and figure it out on my own.  lots of gadgets.  theres an upstairs and outside.  although it gets cold outside when its 9pm.  never tried the food.  the alcohol is priced as expected.  not the biggest selection.  a few hards and a few beers and a few wines and a cider.  good enough.  sometimes lines can get long.  just go to the one by the cafeteria.  that one never has a line.  it is out of the way though.  overall a cool place.  i do prefer nightlife though.  they have dj and dance floor and better themes.  the themes here are just okay.  they have a dissecting stage with volunteers.  i like the tooth pick model of sf.  thats awesome. its better to come here than in the day time.
It's fun, but you won't get to try much. If you go during the summer, you will experience so many interns that you won't be able to actually try anything. Also, getting a drink is impossible. I'd love to revisit this after the season is over. I'd highly recommend avoiding summer peak season. The wait to try anything really is overwhelming - it also gets quite toasty because of the crowds!
I absolutely love the exploratorium after dark!It's like going to the exploratorium, having all the hands on fun you normally would, seeing all the interesting things, without the annoying kids, and having the magic of booze so you forget to be annoyed that none of the exhibits come with any explanation - yeah I do want to know how some things work thank you!The one I attended had a petting zoo with snakes and crocodiles, and they brought along a wild cat and tanks full of creepy crawlies - exactly what you need to appeal to that inner child.Best exhibit? I couldn't really say, whilst there was some gratification electrocuting strangers (by my explaining at one exhibit which generated an electrical current, that if I touched them this would increase their body mass and thus the affect of the current on them), and also playing drunken 4 way PacMan... Everything was pretty fun and I was impressed with all the great stuff they had.One issue was the price, at $15 a ticket and then $9 a wine - it can get expensive - that said, it was totally worth the cost.And although I caught a couple of the talks, I have to say, I would in the future just skip these and run out to play!
The Exploratorium is the most compelling museum I've ever been to! The "After Dark" event is a must-attend for anyone who's even mildly interested in science, drinking, how interesting phenomena work, or all of the above. Location/Atmosphere-5/5. First of all, I love the Embarcadero, and how unapologetic-ally tourist-friendly it is. The museum itself has an amazing layout. It's  modern and open, dimly lit to emphasize the exhibits, and easy to walk though. Every 15 inches or so there's an exhibit to look at, touch, and experience. I've gone twice to this event and haven't managed to see every exhibit. If you make it to the back of the museum, there's a trendy bar, SeaGlass Restaurant. The decision to have Exploratorium After Dark be adults-only is brilliant. Why go to a regular bar when you could go to a top-notch museum that effectively functions as a bar? The no-kids policy gives it a nice vibe, and makes it a "safe space" for grown-ups to walk around buzzedly and examine earthly marvels in wonder without having to worry about being impolite if you're blocking a 7 year old's view of the cloud chamber. Exhibits-5/5. My favorite wing is the Living Systems gallery; I'm consistently blown away by live chicken embryos, touch-sensitive plants, algal mats, and giant logs. Upstairs there is a Landscape gallery that has a fog machine, cloud chamber, rift machine,  and even more..The cloud chamber was amazing; you can see alpha radiation from the decaying lead on the brass rod in the middle of the chamber. I also love the Central Gallery, with exhibits on diffraction and other light phenomena. Food/Drink-3/5. The first time we went we had Mahi Mahi tacos and Papas Bravas to eat; they were very flavorful and delicious. The drinks were a great selection and reasonably priced, as well! The second time we went my friend and I actually both got ill from our food--vegan chili--which was unfortunate. We were both sick for a day after attending. This is the reason I'm giving 4 stars--I would go there again for sure, but I'm hesitant to order their food, now. Overall: This event is my favorite that I've had the pleasure to attend so far in SF!
What a fun time!  I'm truly still a little, nerdy kid at heart so this really appealed to me just for the concept. I'd had the Exploratorium on my list of things to do since I moved to the Bay area and finding out about the late night events seemed like the perfect excuse to go.I went with a meetup group and my boyfriend tagged along at the last minute.  It was a great experience on both fronts and I'd definitely suggest this as a date night or just friends' night out.  I loved getting the chance to explore the exhibits without any inhibitions that come with being a 'grown-up' and was so excited to see most all the other attendees took part as well.  There were so many instances of strangers working together to solve (or compete) in various exhibits as well as laughing together when things went not quite as expected.  We got there around 6:30 and walked right in with our pre-purchased tickets (you can just show them on your phone even though they say print them out).  We stayed until closing, and I still feel like we didn't get through all the exhibits, so it definitely leaves more to explore if you'd like to go more than once. The only negatives were that I wish the talks were a bit more regulated/varied and that there were better food options.  We hung out at the restaurant bar for a bit and chatted with a few people and no one seemed really impressed by the (rather expensive) food.  The night we went, there was a talk on fermentation that turned out to be really interesting, but there were tons of people there so it seemed rushed and disorganized. I almost wish they had some sort of limit on people for the talks.  Also, I haven't been really impressed with their upcoming line up on the talks, they seem to be filling in gaps with random things now that they're having the event weekly.  They don't really match up to the quality of the Cal Academy evening events.  But I think even without the talk everyone would have a good time so I suppose it's a minor quibble.All in all, I'll definitely be back and will recommend to (and bring) friends!
Great event; sub par food service.I was second in line to buy a single (nonalcoholic) drink at the restaurant. The man in front of me noticed his family and friends were behind me and pulled them to the front of the line to get rung up with him. I protested - I got there before them and was buying a single drink, how is it fair for me to wait for so many others with full meals and drinks? The cashier looked flustered but did NOTHING. He muddled a bit then proceeded to ring up this entire group. They had a lot of food, and it took over 5 minutes.I complained again to the cashier after. He was totally shamefaced and couldn't look me in the eye while ringing me up, Jesus.It's frustrating especially because there's so much to see in the Exploratorium and it's already busy and crowded as it is!! And we end up wasting even more time on poor, slow, unfair food service.
Nightlife cost $15 :D you can go buy online or in person. The exhibit is about the same as during the day but most things during the day. Day costs $30 or so. These are non-member prices by the way.Came here first time and I enjoyed all the hands on displays. It takes up the whole pier. Adults come here after work and to relax and they do serve alcohol. No it's not open bar. But overall I enjoyed my experience here.Difference between day and night:Day: you wait with after kids for the displaysNight: you wait in line after adults to play with the displays (depends on displays just cause some tend to be more crowded than others just keep your eye open and look at other things and come back to the less crowded later
i've only been to the exploratorium once yrs ago at their old location at palace of fine arts.. i've never been to this new location or their after dark program.. i tried checking it out for my bday last yr but there was way too much stuff going on that i had to nix it.. a yr later, i still haven't been so i wanted to go this yr.. glad i was finally able to check it out!that night the program was called after dark: illusions. there were many exhibits just for this night but we were only able to check out the two belowShadow Cube:This simple but surprising installation uses lighting to illuminate the fact that our visual system's ability to detect light is relative, and not absolute. Wave your hand before the spotlight, and watch how the cube's "shadow" never changes.Monochromatic Room:Experience a world without color inside a room lighted by sodium vapor lamps emitting a single wavelength of light--perceived as a yellowish color. Pick up a flashlight to bathe muted colors with white light, or use filters to explore objects that, under yellow light, fluoresce bright red.we walked around stopping at other things that caught our eye and ended the night at the tactile dome.. the tactile dome was pretty amazing and so much fun!for the 21+ after dark happens the first thurs of every month but they do have nightlife the other thurs of the month as well. thurs nights is almost half off admission plus there are bars throughout the exploratorium. if you get hungry they do have a restaurant in the back and the food isn't bad at all.   there's so much stuff to see that i need a couple more visits to do everything
It was my first time at the After Dark event at the Exploratorium.  I went because of the flying machine (which was totally amazing btw).  If you like going to the Academy of Science's NightLife event, then you'll definitely like this one.After Dark is a great way to explore this museum as an adult.  It can get overwhelming as there is so much to do!  But the event lasts for 4 hours so if you're not going to any of the special demonstrations, you can easily pace yourself.  But if you've been before, then I say enjoy the exhibits and atmosphere!The drinks are around $5-$9, and there were only 2 food stations when I went (steamed pork buns for $3 each and shrimp tostadas for $5 each).  I didn't check out the Sea Glass restaurant, but I won't be surprised if the prices were high.  There are other places in area to eat, so I'd eat before or after.
Great venue. Learn science again as an adult. Every exhibit keeps you entertained and curious to learn more. You can easily spend hours here.
A super fun date night. Hello Tactile Dome (temporarily closed for maintenance)! If you're not into the big crowds, go any Thursday evening, except the first of each month. You won't have the major programs, but you'll get plenty of exhibit time. At first I wasn't a fan of the new location b/c it seemed difficult to park and what not, but there's plenty of neighborhood parking in the evenings. Make sure you don't get stuck with a Port Authority meter (24 hour enforcement!).
This is the second place I've gone to where it's a family museum by day and on Thursday Night it turns into Adults Only.  It's similar to California Academy of Science Night Life.  Only difference is they don't have a live band, dance floor and you get to touch all the different tinker toys.  They serve booze here all over the museum but it cost $$$.  Which is not worth it in my opinion, since the Pier is full of restaurants that can provide you liquor at the reduce rate.We came here on 4th of July.  Our intent was to watch the fireworks from here, but later found out it was not visible from this location.  So sad face :-( but we found an alternate place and walked to Coit Tower.  On 4th of July, the theme was "BOOM".  They showed different demonstrations of things that would blow up.  We weren't able to stay for the main event, since we had a long walk ahead of us to Coit tower.We were able to experience this place WITHOUT KIDS!!!  Ok, I love kids, don't get me wrong, but when we came here the first time, during the day.  It was infested with kids.  I wanted to play the pin ball machine but they were hoarding it, as if they never played a video game in their life.  I was like damm, did your parents ever teach you about sharing and manners.I had so much fun playing with the different toys, I felt like a kid for a moment.  Did I mention NO KIDS!!! Just in case you missed that part above.411:  The Exploratorium After Dark is only available the First Thursday of Each month, unlike California Academy of Science which is every Thursday night.Fee: $15 (General) $10 (Members)They give validations at the Embarcadero Center Garage $10 & Levi's Plaza $10 (4 hours)
This place was fun...I wish I didn't drink so much wine so I can retain all the cool information I learned... lolFun activity to do, there's street parking .50 per hour--CHEAP. And who doesn't like going to the city at night with a nice view of the Bay.
I've been here a few times and had wildly different experiences, but all the basics are still good: fun stuff to look at, play with, and learn about in a really big space. Overall, I like After Dark because I don't have to fight children for the chance to play with the exhibits. The booze helps, too. (This is also what's great about the Cal Academy's NightLife, though that's 21+)Sometimes there are maps, which help tremendously. I wish they'd offer those all the time, or post floor plans in each wing to orient visitors (I did see a couple signs with arrows, but not maps or at obvious junctions). It seems there are two very different After Dark experiences: -1st Thursdays of the month, which are heavily marketed, have partners presenting demos around a theme, and are pretty crowded, and:-other Thursdays, which are not themed and while still lively and have in-house demos, are not very crowded at all. Pros:-no kids = no guilt for playing with the interactive exhibits. -is 18+ (so I can bring my sub-21 coworkers)-live demos and friendly staff. One station was dissecting a cow eye last night!-enormous, so I can go multiple times and see new stuff/skip stuff I find less interesting but still feel I got my money's worth. It also seems they change some things out pretty regularly.Cons:-group tickets aren't individually printed, so you have to arrive together or have someone with the ticket meet them at the door. -food is pricey, without a ton of variety. Filling, though. -hard to prioritize what you want to see without a map. -enormous, so you won't be able to see everything in one evening/would get tired or overstimulated spending the entire 4 hours trying to do it all.
Arrived in SF luckily on the night of one of these events. I heard about After Dark from Time Magazine. So I thought I would definitely give this place a shot.Nice vibe, lots of interactive science contraptions and experiments/shows. I'm from SoCal and enjoyed this much more than Griffith Observatory. The event was 4 hrs and I honestly think more time is needed to truly enjoy this type of neat event. I was planning to have a drink or two but refrained due to the long lines. Prices seemed high for small amounts of drinks. Otherwise, great atmosphere. Awesome for potential dates and groups of friends to just have a good time.
It's ten times better than the last time I visit at the other location. It's a lot bigger so plan to come few hours ahead of time. So you have plenty of time to take a look at every thing. Some of the activities requires a partner so everyone gets involve. They have this fountain thing where you choose to drink or squirt. It's about trust.  So you either both drink or get squirt. They have this very cool clock where you turn the knob and each number does something. You will get amaze and you and your friends can have fun. Also if you come on Thursdays night, you can get tipsy too.
This was awesome!  I'm a total kid at heart and the exploratorium did not disappoint my inner child!First of all, this is a great date night.  You're busy enough playing with all the gadgets that you barely have to talk to each other.  And if you do wanna get chummy there's delicious and STRONG cocktails at the bar to get you all liquored up.  We opted for option #2, it's not like me to turn down a fancy cocktail...Ok, so once have you have the drink in hand, time to explore!  There are endless things to do here.  I spent a good 15 minutes just staring at the goldfish tank - they were some kind of mutant goldfish - I'm not crazy.  I was also loving the optical illusion section with tons of different mirrors and other things to stare at.  If you're overly competitive like myself, there's tons of things you can turn into games, just use your imagination and yell "I win!"I definitely can't describe all the exhibits, just be sure to make a trip here.  I can't wait to come back and see everything I missed.
Tonight was my first time ever to the Exploratorium, and I had a great time! I was happily surprised that the After Dark programming was geared towards adults, while using the usual displays. It was pretty crowded. There is usually a few people in front at every display, but they moved on fairly quickly, so I was able to see the display. I kept losing my friends and bumping into people though. There is a lot to see. I wish they published that night's program earlier or online so I can plan out my visit better. There were a lot of shows and discussions that I was pretty overwhelmed and didn't really know where to start. Drinks were pretty expensive. I'm just not used to paying for $9 glass of average wine. Pro-tip: Excellent place for first date. If you guys have trouble finding things to talk about, you can always go play at the next display.
Been meaning to check out the new exploratorium! Came here on a Thursday for their after dark series. Admission is cheaper at only $15 admission. But they do get ya with the drinks. Beers are $5 and cocktails and wine are $9. The bars do accept cash or credit so that is nice. Also I didn't see a food court so make sure you do snack a bit before getting here.The space for the exploratorium is really big! There was lots to see and do and so I do want to come back soon. I don't feel like I even saw or did half of the things that were there.You'll see crowds around certain popular exhibits and you'll probably won't want to wait but you should. It's an interactive museum so wait for the exhibits. None of them take too long so it's not too bad. Also they are fun! Some exhibits are fun to do with a partner making this a fun date night spot ;)Would love to come back here again especially for the tactile dome! It's pitch black And you have to navigate your way out. Tix are an additional $10 but it did say preview night so the price may be adjusted later.Yay science!
I have always been a huge fan of the Exploratorium! I love that all the exhibits are hands-on and that they really stress that you experiment and try everything. I was pretty sad when the old Exploratorium closed (I had one last visit before the Palace of Fine Arts location closed forever). But now that I've seen the new location, I'm in love. The location at Pier 15 is HUGE and I love that it is very accessible by both MUNI and BART. It's even more awesome that they have After Dark every first Thursday of the month -- $15, 18+ only, and alcohol is served all night. I love kids and all, but fighting them off to get a turn with the exhibits during the daytime gets annoying! There were so many exhibits, we could barely finish all of them in one night, I guess that means I will need to visit again soon!
The Exploratorium is SO COOL. That said, they need to not overbook the After Dark events. Way too crowded, it felt like being at a festival. Massive lines for everything, people bumping into you everywhere. No way you can explore the whole place fully while you're there because there's a line and a crowd for everything. The Exploratorium itself is freaking awesome - After Dark is fun, but know what you are getting, more of a party than an experience.
The handful of times that I've been to the Exploratorium in it's original location by the Palace of Fine Arts I loved it.  Of course we all have our nostalgic moments.  Bf & I & several Yelp buddies came here the other month for Exploratorium After Dark, add booze to anything & you'll have a better time, right?  And admission at a discounted price...cheapassness ftw!  Admission is still a pricey at $15 though.  There's a lot of the old favorite exhibits and some new ones too as the space is a lot bigger.  We went into the Seaglass restaurant just to say hi to some friends that were eating; the food they were eating looked okay, but man was the restaurant packed.  The museum itself was packed too early on and though there were multiple bars stations, lines got long and drink selection wasn't very great.  My Sauvignon Blanc was awful.  Rounding up to a 3, because it's still cool and due to nostalgia, but different from what it used to be and pricey.
This is a great place for a date.  Or double date.  It was not that crowded.  They serve food if you are hungry.  We had a lot of fun and saw a couple of presentations.  There is so much to see, you will not be able to see it all in one visit.  I'd recommend it to everyone.  My fav exhibit is the toothpick display of SF that took 37 years to build.
This was a lot of fun!  A great way to see the Exploratorium minus children and huge crowds.  I went on a first Thursday- which after reading the reviews below I was worried it was going to be packed.  However this was not the case, I never felt crowded and I very rarely had to wait at an exhibit.  Plus you save some money coming at night!  All of the exhibits are great and the place is so spread out and large that you can play around with almost everything.  They had 3 different bars plus the restaurant opened when I was there.  The longest I waited in line was maybe 10 minutes and that was toward the end when everyone was trying to get one last drink.  They also had some food- ceviche and mac n cheese.  They weren't very popular but it was nice they had that option.  There was an ATM on site as well and I didn't use it but it did have a sign on the outside that said no ATM fees.  Most of the bar areas took credit cards but one had a cash only line so you could get in and out much quicker with cash.Overall this was a great way to see the museum and I definitely will be back!
The exploratorium is absolutely fascinating. Felt like a kid in a huge playground of gadgets and sciency stuff. The theme was "carnaval" and they really did a great job: samba music, dancers, drummers, Brazilian cocktails and food, mask making, etc etc etc.  Had a blast with my friends exploring the permanent and themed exhibits. Too bad it ended at 10pm. I will definitely return.
Haven't been to the Exploratorium since it was at the Palace of Fine Arts. It is now located on the Embarcadero. Came here for the Thursday night after-hours. So much to do and see...However, I ran out of time! I will be coming back!HOT TIP-  Don't wait in the long line to buy alcohol at the bar by the front entrance. Go to the restaurant in the back..there is no line!
As somebody who is interested in science, cool places to hang out in the city, and avoiding a cameo appearance in Lord of the Flies (See; the Exploritorium in the daytime), this was an extremely fun time. I didn't go during one of the nights when a sponsored event was being held, so the crowd was manageable and respectful. All the exhibits opened up after only a few minutes, and I was able to see almost the entire building in around two hours. This is not a place to rush through, though! Grab a cocktail, find a place to hang out, and either enjoy the beautiful view of the Bay Bridge (and the bay itself) visible from the back of the Exploratorium, or enjoy the exhibits throughout.I wouldn't have dinner here, because the food is a little overpriced and not that great, but it's the Exploratorium, not a restaurant! Plan a nice dinner for after it closes, or hit Mel's afterward like my party did. Even if you're not big on science, give this place a try.
This place is amazing! Whether you go during the day or night. I guess since I'm an adult, it was better for me to go at night not only because of the alcohol (about $5 for canned beer and $8 wine), but also because you get easier access to all the exhibits and not having to "fight" with the kids for all the hands-on exhibits. The place is like a long rectangular floor plan with divided science topics.My favorite had to be the Living System with all the plants, insects and such, as well as upstair in the Bay Observatory Terrace. The terrace has a open balcony with the view of the Bay Bridge! I think it'll take more than two to three hours to finish going through everything--it took me two hours to walk through both wings, but I selectively check out some and not all exhibits. Parking is pretty convenient, there is a parking lot across the street but charges $15/hr after hours. I suggest parking on the street and pay the meter for about half the price.
Was awesome! It was crowded, the food wasn't so good, but everything else was perfect. Go there with a friend, because there are some attractions that require two person at least.
What's better than a beer or cocktail mixed with science fun? I'm not sure what could top this.. but the after dark adults only Exploratorium experience was one of the most fun times I've had downtown! Every Thursday 6:00-10:00pm, $15 per person to enter. There are beer/wine carts throughout the place to 're-up' your alcoholic beverage requests. And the Cafe in the back has a full bar as well.Definitely fun with a group of people. You will feel like a kid again. I would suggest to do this after dinner or plan on getting dinner afterward because the cafe can get pretty busy and I wasn't hearing good things about the food while sitting at the bar.
The old Exploratorium setup in the Palace of Fine Arts was a larger room with higher ceilings, and prompted everyone I ever took there to suffer a few minutes of sensory overload when they first walked in. The new campus along the waterfront is longer, but not as tall, allowing you and your guests to drink in the science slowly instead of sucking the science fire hose.But everything you loved about the old Exploratorium is still here! The toilet fountain, the hanging piano, the interactive playthings, and the great demos. We popped by for Sexplorations, and I was impressed with how cranially-focused and thought-provoking the entire arrangement turned out to be. They challenged and amazed the audience with a variety of tactile presentations that drew in capacity crowds, or let you play all over the multitude of exhibits (some of which I remember from visiting as a kid). The new campus is way closer to the city, making it a lot more accessible for visitors and city-dwellers alike. My one gripe is that the new thinner design did lead to more choke points as crowds tried to worm their way through the museum. Beyond that, this is a great evening for you and your playful friends. Get there!
It was my first time to the new Exploratorium now located on the Embarcadero, so it was a great way to spend 4th of July at their After Dark "Boom" event!  They have many of same scientific exhibits, games and things to try as they had at the original Exploratorium with a few new ones, live demonstrations and beautiful views of the Bay.  This new Exploratorium is on multi-floor levels with a yummy eatery Seaglass downstairs.  My bf had the roasted chicken with potatoes and I had a salmon salad - yum (a little pricey though , think eatery prices at the Academy of Sciences, very similar)! To go with the "Boom!" theme for 4th of July, they had Japanese taiko drum playing outside and later a demonstration of liquid nitrogen with cold and hot water - explosions of water and steam - fun!  It was a blast for us all!  I'm thinking about getting an annual pass - we'll see!
+ I now know where my old middle school teachers get their classroom posters+ A lot of great exhibits, staff members and new ideas presented- Membership is only an investment if you visit more than four times a year- Restaurant is super expensive for portions served- Lack of hand sanitizer in exhibits that are touched every second of the day. Yuck!
Exploratorium is great as long as it's new to you. If you go once, it's not as fun the second time no matter how many drinks you put away. Food court looks WAY better than the one at NightLife but it is also WAY expensive.
Good place for date night. It gets really blown out by 8pm so get there early and make sure you have cash for drinks. I went last night which was themed Sex. They had a tinkering area where you could take apart and re-assemble dildos! It's a great place for science geeks, has tons of things to see, explore and be interactive.
If you are an adult, I really suggest you visit Exporlatorium after Dark instead of coming during regular visiting hours. I did both before. The price is cheaper and there are slightly less people. Yelpers on here are complaining that $15 dollars is expensive for admission. I think it is cheap, you have to pay $18(student discount) and $25(adult) on regular days. Even compared to academy of science $24(adult regular hours); this is considered a bargain. I rather pay this than the same for a cover at a seedy club any day. Quit yer yappin. The exploratorium is a great two story science museum, and all the exhibits open at the day time are also open at night. So you get the full experience being here. There are tables where you can buy alcohol, but I don't suggest it. The drinks, both bottled and cocktail, are very expensive $5-10 and aren't very good quality. I didn't see alot of people buying it. And just because they serve drinks, this is not the place to get sh*tfaced. People here are having good clean adult fun. I had alot of fun playing with all the displays and just hanging out with my buddies here. The crowd is mixed with all ethnicities and age range of 21-50. Most people were 20s and 30s though. Aside from the great exhibits, you can go outside to the deck and have a great view of the ocean and bay bridge. Because the exploratorium is on the pier, you are right on top of the water. There is also an outdoor observation area on the second floor. Once you are done here, you can try the great night life and restaurants within walking distance.
unfortunately I did not enjoy this experience, way to many people. Lot of great things to see but didn't get to do many because the sold out of everything.
This place is pretty awesome. Totally unexpected and had no expectations. Some complained about the $15 but c'mon it costs money to pay for these exhibits in sf. Didn't drink but there was drinks and wine available for everyone.If highly recommend checking it out at least once. Fun fun and fun!
Huge fan of the Exploratorium. It just reminds me of being a kid. I never seem to read the instructions, I just end up touching everything and trying to figure it out on my own. It's about trying new things and figuring it out.They also do After Dark every first Thursday of the month. Drinks are served ($5 beers, $10 cocktails and like $7 for wine or something like that). It's so cool to be able to walk around with a fun crowd and just play. I can't say enough good things about this place. Absolutely LOVE IT!
I do like the concept of 'No kids allowed' since I am a young adult who likes to have a few drinks but I didn't really enjoy it here.  The lines for the bar was super long AND it's cash only AND you can only buy one drink at a time AND there's only like 10 things to choose from. It was really pack at each exhibit making it hard to experience everything since most things you would need to sit down and do it hands on.  The layout was kinda hard, since it wasn't straight forward or in a circular shape.I do think it's nice that it's so much bigger now but I don't think the After Dark experience was that fun.
This was a lot of fun but make sure you go right when they open so you have enough time to explore everything you want to!
Ok, so I'd say I had just an ok time here... I had never been to the Exploratorium, so I didn't really know what to expect. It's a cool place to check out, yes but maybe on a free museum kinda day...This was an experience, good date kinda night but nothing crazy exciting. Somewhat overwhelming where I caught myself more interested in people watching than playing around, only so much to do, that could keep my interest, for so long. California Academy of Sciences has a similar night - which I'd say is more enjoyable and would go back to, not the same feeling here.
Been to the Exploratorium a few times back when it was next to the Palace of Fine Arts. At this next location, there are more exhibits since the space is larger. The After Dark event is neat since there aren't screaming children running around & you can browse around with a drink in your hand. The tactile dome was a great experience!
I'm really going to miss this place when I moves to the Embarcadero.And I'm really going to miss the monthly "After Darks".Drink plus learning plus music plus crawling around in the dark through a maze of tunnels?there's nothing like it.I'm sure the new location will have the same feeling as the new Academy of Sciences, great, modern, clean, and better lit... but sometimes, you can't compete with a classic.I've heard people say the new location will have better parking.Seriously? have you BEEN to the Embarcadero? And I don't even want to think of what will happen in a few years should you have a Giants game AND a Warriors (new stadium pending) game on the same night.  All the pedicabs and extra MUNI trains in the world won't save you.
A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G! A M A Z I N G!
What a fun idea!  My husband and I drove into the city after a fantastic dinner at the Townhouse in Emeryville and had a blast.  We unfortunately only had 2 hours to "play" so will definitely return.  "Refreshments" are limited, so would suggest you enjoy them before and after.
While I still have a certain nostalgia for the old Exploratorium location near the Palace of Fine Arts, I do like the more accessible location of the new Exploratorium, and the nice view of the Bay Bridge on my walk there.  As for After Dark itself, the drink lines were waaaaay long, and they were really pricey/cash only.  I did have a lot of fun checking out the exhibits with my friends.  Adding a few drinks to the mix always seems to make things so much more entertaining anyway, doesn't it?
It's definitely different WITHOUT kids running around, and WITH a drink in hand!Attended the "Heartworks" event on February 2, and while we didn't arrive in time to be able to build our portion of the love machine, we were able to see the final chain reaction that completed the exhibit!It's so much fun to watch grown men and women geek out together and have fun in the name of science and art. Also, I got to go through the Tactile Dome, which I was pleasantly surprised to see open since the Exploratorium website said it was closed for repairs until February 3. I hadn't been there since I was an intern in 2004-2005... it's definitely different when you are crawling through that shit in complete darkness WHILE under the influence (what? I ain't gonna lie), but just the same, it was a challenging good time!Definitely recommend when you feel like having one of those nights that straddles cutting loose like an adult and having fun like a kid.
A place for curious minds.  I like this place!  Although a little crowded and it seems as though they tend to place exhibits in a random fashion in the building; nonetheless you'll find a section that you can't leave.  The ExplOratorium is always fun because you get to experiment on your own.  They've brought over a few exhibits from the old exploratorium which is nice because the experience becomes a bit nostalgic for those who remember the old one.  After Dark opens every first Thursday of the month which explains the crowdedness.  Come early if you plan to seek out the exhibits.  We watched a show about the history of rap which blew my mind and there was also a break-dancing crew battling it out in the courtyard last week.  It's nice that there is an outdoor space and a segregated cafeteria.  It's easy to navigate through the building.  I enjoyed the fog bridge concept because it really encompasses all that is San Francisco during the summer.  The line for drinks can get pretty long.  Again, the earlier you make it in, the less crowded it is as you make your way through.Since this site is located at around Pier 15-17 on the Embarcadero, you can opt to take public transportation (BART, Muni) or park in the outdoor lots.  There is also validation for discounted parking in the Embarcadero shopping centers.  Even though it can get a little tough to get to this location, there is a reason it's on the Embarcadero.  From the observatory you can see the Bay Bridge lights and the city skyline upclose.  It's quite romantic after dark :)I'd come again :)  Getting lost in the crowds and stopping to ask strangers questions about what they think is going on.  It's part of the experience :)  I love it.
Tons of fun and so much to experience.  I think I love the Exploratorium even more as an adult than I did as a kid, so I love the idea of "adults only" nights.  At After Dark I got a turn at each exhibit without having to feel bad about cutting in front of kids.I loved having a glass of wine while tinkering with circuits.  And I appreciated  the many patio spaces where I could get some fresh air.  It gets pretty warm inside.I was pleasantly surprised to find so many exhibits that I couldn't possibly see it all in one night.  This gives me a good reason to go back again.  You should visit too--it's a lot of fun and a great way to support this local gem as they're experiencing tough financial times.
came here for a company event. the food at the cafeteria is very pricey, but pretty good. good thing i didn't have to pay for it. if you go, definitely get the humphry slocombe exploriyum ice cream. it was pretty good. reasonably priced alcohol is easily available. the tactile dome is pretty expensive but lots of fun.
HOW DO YOU GET TICKETS?!?!?  I'm on my 4th or 5th click off of google....not acceptable :)
Came here in February and it's a fun way to spend an evening. Lots of people but not overwhelming. There is a ton of interactive stuff, some more fun than others, but all pretty educational in one way or another. Some of the displays/activities seemed like they were a bit worn down though. But you definitely get to feel like a kid as you wander around exploring the different exhibits. Come with a friend, a honey, or a group - it's easy to split off and then find each other again later. There's a lot of tactile things so if you are a germaphobe,  you will be reaaaallly uncomfortable. I definitely had to wash my hands afterwards - they felt grimey. Parking is free and pretty easy when we arrived around 6:30ish. The best part is the Palace of Fine Arts too - definitely plan to walk around before/after you do the Exploratorium. At night, it's beautiful.
I have never been to a place like Exploratorium After Dark before. It's like a club for nerds and artsy people where you can let loose and have your mind stimulated at the same time.I came here a while back, in August. It was for the Mars Rover landing, and that was the theme of the night. I personally LOVE dressing up (I go to a lot of anime conventions) and so it was cool to see everyone's costumes. I went as Marta from Star Trek ;)The full scale model of Curiosity was really cool, and the hands-on exhibits WOULD have been cool, if I hadn't drank too much. The alcohol was a little expensive, so I would recommend bringing your own.There were a lot of people there, so if you don't like big crowds, I would be wary. I like meeting new people though, so I really enjoyed myself.
The Exploratoirum throws a night life very similar to the Academy of Science. I think Academy of Science is every Thursday night, but Exploratorium is the first Thursday of each month, so put a reminder on your calendar if you are planning to go! Hmm. I got there at 7, and it was kind of dead... but it started to pick up around 8! So if you want to play with some of the exhibits, I suggest getting there early so you can 1. get parking and 2. play with exhibits without people hustlin you to hurry up. Haha. But even if you come later, you still have time to play with the exhibits and find parking in the residential areas. SO no worries.Alright if you aren't a Physics nerd like me, I think the exhibits are just fun to just play around with. It's interesting since I have no idea what the concept behind each one is. There are placards with information on why... but I just skimmed it. Haha. I'm there to have fun, not really learn. But if you're interesting behind the concepts of it, then read away!So every After Dark is themed... I went to the heartworks one that happened last night, and it was fun. Hearts all over and you can make your very own secret encoded QR tag. I still don't know what it is, but its that square bar code thing. There are scavenger hunts and did I mention always a new activity to do at each After Dark. It's just nice to look around. This is an 18+ event, and 21 to drink. So there are no kids hogging up the exhibits or running around the museum. Pretty nice if you ask me. I don't have to worry about walking into strollers or wait for kids to be done playing with an exhibit, since some can take forever! This is great for a date night or just a fun night out with friends! Check it out.I'm not sure how much it is usually. But I had a google offer which was 2 tickets for 15... I think originally its 15 a person
Too much fun! The Exploratorium was always the cool field trip to take in elementary school. 20 years later, it is just a fun as I remember it to be!There are a ton of hands on exhibits that let you play with the laws of nature and tickles your scientific mind. Some friends and I had way too much fun with the Lie Detector Test, the Shadow Box Room and the Listening Vessels. It's a unique place to go for a night out. We'll definitely be back! There's just too much to explore!
Exploratorium After Dark is always really fun. You always learn so much more than you would expect. The last event "Sugar" played songs about sugar, gave out South Asian candies, there was a guy that did sculptures with sugar, eating skittles under the sodium light and guessing which flavors the skittles are, and learning about the different types of sugar you use.I can't wait for this month's "Chill" event!
Science of Cocktails event tonight was an absolute blast. Every cocktail booth was turning it out with super innovative, unusual and delicious drinks (HAAAY Solerno crew!)- TONS of delicious food and hilarious party people- I felt under dressed as people go all out. Thank goddess and Bulo for my hotness shoes.  This event is not cheap, and they limit the crowd to 1,000- this ensures you're never in line for too long for the popular stuff and besides, SCIENCE! A very well run, fun and worthwhile night out- 5 + stars!
This review is of the After Dark experience, which was impossible to get into at 8pm.  I checked out the website beforehand, and there was no mention of a limit to the number of tickets sold.I could have purchased tickets in advance, but the website made that a somewhat lengthy looking process, and it didn't seem critical.  Also, there is a student discount at the door not available online ($12 instead of $15).We started out at 4pm from the peninsula, and needed to eat dinner before going to the event.  Between traffic, parking for dinner, eating dinner, more traffic, and parking for the Exploratorium we got there a little after 8pm.  Hordes of people were leaving, and hordes were milling around inside.  We were met at the door by a smiling, but rather mean girl who was very pleased to give us a lecture on all the mistakes we had made by not coming earlier or buying tickets online in advance.  She said you should come back next week...  Well, I do not live in SF, spent $75 on a zipcar and two hours driving through traffic to get there, and brought an out of town guest who lives over 2000 miles away and will not be here "next week" when we are supposed to do everything right so we can be allowed in.  Very poor customer service!!  Also, as far as I can tell the next event is not next week but next *month*!It turned out the store was not restricted entry, and we could go in there.  We could have also walked around the new building to check it out.  Neither of these activities were suggested by the Exploratorium employee, despite her lengthy lecture to us on how we did everything wrong.  A better approach would have been to say "I'm really sorry I can't let any more people in tonight, please come back and visit us tomorrow.  Here's a brochure about next month's After Dark event.  You can still visit our store and take a walk around the building"  Even better would be selling more tickets!  More tickets = more money for the Exploratorium, more happy people, and common sense.  After all, a lot of people were leaving, so there was no way the space was at maximum capacity. Overall, this was a horrible experience.  This is a poorly run/managed event and the staff members are not at all well trained in empathy or customer service.  We were treated like naughty children, not like valued customers or welcome visitors.   It might be a fun event if you jump through the website hoops, or skip dinner and show up at 5:30 to get in line for a ticket.  I'm not very eager to find out anymore though.Note:  This is a very bad event to attend if you are easily stressed out, don't like massive crowds, or suffer from sensory overload issues.  As other reviewers have noted, parking is also a disaster ~ the "official" parking lot (~$5/hr) was closed and full and there aren't a lot of other options at any price.
