A small secret garden in Russian Hill.  The latticed twin gazebos are beautiful and just a lovely spot to take a break from the Lombard street madness one block away. Check the official park website for park hours.
Decided to play the tourist today and wandered down Lombard St. Just a block down from the bottom, stumbled across this wee park with two gazebos and a some beautiful flowers. After the hike to Lombard, it was the perfect place to stop and take a break. Lovely view, and really nice surprise.
Even though I knew this park was there, and was looking for it, I missed it and end up riding past a few blocks and climbing back uphill to find it. It's located just a block down street from the bottom of Lombard - but a very short block.It's not a wild park, more of a sculpted garden. So instead of looking for wildlife look for a fence and gazebos. Super cute. I can see why it's popular for weddings. Nobody seems to hang out here. There was one other couple headed out when I found it and just a few people stopped by while I was there (possibly lured in by seeing me there). Great place to relax after dealing with the hills and mobs of Lombard St.
We had our wedding ceremony here on August 23rd. Beautiful day, beautiful park. We had about 70 guests. All of our chairs fit perfectly on the upper part of the garden. They have a bathroom for guests to use with key. Site attendant on site to assist.We hired All Seasons Party Rental for our chairs and they did a great job day of. Just note, you have to pay for the permit to have them park their big truck on the street for about $200.Highly recommend for an intimate wedding ceremony location! We then had our reception at Bin 38 Wine Bar about a mile away on their back patio (it was fun, but service lacked a little bit at the wine bar). Everyone took Uber to get there using our special wedding code.
Cute little hidden park in SF. Stop by to read a book in the sun or relax for a bit.
A quick look into a park after leaving Lombard Street.  This park was very tranquil.
We were married at Fay park 06/14/2010 and it was great. At the time there were no bathrooms so we were allowed to use the facilites at the Art Institute. By now they must have them. Price was right. Weather was perfect. We didn't have a party there, just the wedding. Recommend for small weddings and elopements. It would be a perfectly romantic place to get engaged too.
If you make a left at the end of San Francisco's most crooked expanse of roadway, you'll come across Fay Park. My family stumbled across this charming little garden while we were having a good laugh at the San Francisco police force trying to stem the tide of tourists going nuts over the switch backs of Lombard Street. Fay Park is Mary Fay Berrigan's lovely bequest of the Fay-Berrigan house and garden on Russian Hill. While the house on the property dates back to 1912, Mrs. Berrigan's family built the original house at the location in 1869. Renowned landscape architect Thomas Church was commissioned to design a garden for the home in 1957. The result was a lush little oasis anchored by twin gazebos. The San Francisco Recreation and Park Department renovated the garden in 2005 putting in new walkways, deck, and balustrades making the garden ADA accessible. The park is open six days a week. The same department maintains the garden with the support of an active group of garden volunteers, many of whom live in the surrounding neighborhood. Friends of Fay Park is always looking for volunteer to provide it with TLC.  The group has garden tools for volunteers to utilize.The location would be great for weddings and parties but, I'm under the impression that while city officials would like to activate the potential revenue stream here, they have not been able to. I couldn't find any information online on how to rent the place. I did come across an expressed to desire to open it up for events. Until that happens, stop by for a visit, I find city gardens such a nice place to take a break while exploring the urban jungle.
"Grow old along with me, the best is yet to be" is inscribed on a sundial at this little gem of a park tucked away one block from the bottom of the corroked part of Lombard St.  It is the perfect place for a small wedding.
This was so gorgeous, the only reason why i put 3stars is because the gates were locked and it is apparently a park open to the public, and not someones extravagent backyward like it looks. Maybe you have to go through one of the homelike buildings to get in, or are their specific hours and days it is open? Or is it not really a park like it says and a venue where you can only get in by paying?
We got married in Fay Park on 9/12/10. Fay Park is a special and affordable wedding venue, a park with a small patio, 2 beautiful gazebos and roses blooming year round. The park is private with a gorgeous white fence and views of the city. Located one block from Lombard Street it is a fun venue for out of town guests and has lots of great photo opportunities. We reserved the park for 6 hours and paid just under $700 to the Golden Gate Parks Department. Part of the fee paid for a site attendant- a man named Ken who could not have been more friendly, helpful or charming. Having him tend to the site for our wedding was almost like having a coordinator. He was able to help the vendors, our family who set up the site and guests during the wedding. It was so nice to have the extra hands! Our vendors had no problem bringing tables, chairs and setting up separate ceremony and reception areas within the small park. Our wedding had 50 people and really felt like an intimate garden party. The site was as close to perfect as we could have hoped for. However bathrooms are an issue as the site is only a garden and the restroom available is one steep block away at the Academy of Art.
A cute little park to relax for a few minutes if you live in the neighbourhood or are just walking buy. If the sun's just right, you can enjoy a good book on one of the benches without being exposed to cancerous rays.
We got married here with the help of San Francisco Parks. The location was fantastic, beautiful and intimate. Cynthia from Recreation and Park was amazing, she went well beyond and really helped the day be so special. Thanks Cythia
Tourists, residents and future wedding planners alike will be happy to know that construction is set to begin in a few weeks on a renovated and ADA accessible restroom, which will then be available as part of the rental for weddings and small events. If you want more info or would like to submit a rental application, please visit sfrecpark.org/PermitsRes… and click on the link most appropriate for the event you are planning. The info for Fay Park is listed in the "Weddings" section.
Very cute spot and close to the great views of the water looking down from hills.  Stop in just to finish your coffee or hide quickly from the Lombard tourists and you're bound to be happy and feel lighter.
