Why do we love SF?Well, it's not NYC  for one.Amongst those booming towers rising throughout the Financial District sits this little park just across from Embarcadero Three and Four.  It's a quiet spot for getting away from the City life and literally smell the grass.Recently, I've regularly walked a seven month pug here from Chinatown.  For my friend's puppy's purpose, it is Nirvana for her.  She speeds her pace, darting left and right sniffing the surrounding flora (trees, bushes, flowers, and grass).  When we arrive a larger patch of grass, she literally does a Snoopy dance, prancing like a gazelle to and fro. The only disparaging word is the scattering of homeless that occupy the park.  Fortunately, they keep to themselves, but one must still be wary when spending time here.  Unlike some other parks, I have yet to see scattered garbage, unfinished foods, or drug needles here.  Let's hope things stay as they are or for the better.
This park is across from the Ferry Building and is good to enjoy some green space in downtown SF.  You have a good view of the water and piers but mainly people walking by.  It's not overly crowded but there's also not much to do and not that much shade trees or benches.
This is a great park!  Wild parakeet live in this park!  This park is also great for children. There is even a play area for the children.  Just an overall great park to take a stroll through.
I used to skate here like 10-15 years ago when they had Hubba's Hideout. It was a lot more interesting back then but now I really don't understand the point of this park anymore.I support parks and everything but this place is sort of useless with no places to sit or do anything really. 99.9% of people who visit this place are just walking through, not even looking at anything. They might as well build something here or at least clear it out and put grass, benches, picnic tables, just SOMETHING that people can actually make use of.My company volunteered here and helped out with picking weeds. It was so well-maintained we were basically competing to find weeds.
A great open space in the ferry building area. Great for picnics and kids to run around.
swill hill gone hooray
Why is this place called a park? There are some trees, and grass, this place is more like a "back yard" or a small open space. We probably would have chilled here under the shade, but decided not to as there are alot of homeless who sleep in this park. I know this place is known for the parrots, but we didn't see any during our walk. :-(Regardless, as parks go, this place is barely worthy of 1/2 a star, but since there aren't 1/2 stars for rating purposes, I'm giving this 'park' one star.
Whoa, I can't believe this park hasn't been Yelped yet!  We've passed through it every time we go to the Ferry Building or the Embarcadero.  The last time we were there, in September, the Parks Department was cleaning out the debris in the underbrush and a whole bunch of foreign coins rained onto our path.  Anyway, what is so special about this park is the hundreds of wild parrots that live here and come to roost every evening.  You've got to check it out!yourskinandsun.com/parro…
This is a great spot to have lunch or just lounge about on a hot day. Occasionally I'll spot the wild parakeets which is always a treat since they seem to be very comfortable with a dozen people snapping pictures of them as they hang around the small tree by the entrance to the park. I personally haven't seen homeless people so much in the area but that may just be my experience.
The wild parakeets that hang out here are a real treat.  This park would get 5 stars but there are times (usually in the early morning and after dark) when the homeless outnumber the parakeets and at those times, even 4 stars is a bit overrated...
I've worked 2 blocks from this park for 5 years now. Any appeal the park once had went away when they outlawed feeding the parrots. Now it's nothing more than a hangout and frequent sleep spot for the homeless, at least one of whom has a stench so foul as to induce a gag reflex. If it weren't smack between my office and Embarcadero station, I'd never pass through it.
This is a very small bit of open space.  The benches and break from asphalt and cement is relaxing.
Five stars for the wild parrot sighting! After doing research on Yelp and Trip Advisor to find the parrots, I decided to go to the Ferry Park area, off Drumm between Washington and Clay, around 7:15PM on Tuesday evening June 21 to finally find them at their roosting spot for the night. We saw 2 of them on a palm tree along the Embarcadero and followed them here. Soon, a whole bunch of them were squawking and flying around the trees. Yes, there were some "unsavory people" around loitering, but the spot was excellent for viewing the parrots. Since it is a patch of grass, it is easy to walk around as you follow them. Many people have commented on when to see them, but keep in mind when sunset is depending on the time of year. I went to Walton Park on Friday June 17 at around 5:45PM and was too early for them. Sunset in the summer is 8:30PM. I will definitely be back to visit them again soon.
