Fort Miley is located along the Coastal Trail of Land's End, on the outer headlands of the Golden Gate's southern end. The panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean as it meets the San Francisco Bay, beneath the Golden Gate Bridge (far right) are breathtaking. Stairs leading to the Eastern Coastal Trail overlook are a great workout. Lobos Rock, Black Head Rock, & Pyramid Rock are visible during low tide. On a clear day you can see clear into Marin with a glimpse of Sausalito and the Point Bonita Lighthouse at Fort Barry, the last manned lighthouse of the California coast. History: * The U.S. Army used this structure as a part of the seaside defense in early WWII.* Renamed after Lt. Col. John D. Miley who died in Manila, Philippines in 1899.
This is a really beautiful location in the Bay Area to escape from it all. Gorgeous views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the Marin Headlands, and of course, the Pacific Ocean! There is tons of parking, a really cool salvaged ship from World War II, and plenty of hiking trails. There are also some great walking paths below the fort, although they are not wheelchair accessible, so that is the reason for my four star review. (Otherwise, this place would be perfect.) Bring the whole family here, and pack a picnic!
Can you say Cats Eye. Great place for a hike. Relaxing, wonderful view and watching the sunrise/sunset.  They really did a good job paving the parking lot. Many will remember this place prior to the upgrades. People parked all kinds of odd ways. And heck people were doing all kind of things in those cars at night. I know I was one of them, LOL, good times :)
Awesome place to walk dogs.  It is so nice here.  I am fortunate to live here.
For me, this has always been a fantastic place to park the car and look out towards either the Pacific Ocean or across the bay towards Sausalito. For some reason I think the view is even better on days when there is a cloud cover.This parking lot here was closed when I came a few months ago but it's reopened. The lot has been repaved and the parking spaces repainted. There is also a new cement stairway with even steps going down to the Lands End Trail. The only drawback is that the best parking spaces, the ones by the sidewalk where you can pull into and be directly looking towards Marin, are now reserved for handicapped. There are only 3 non-blue spaces on this front row.
Beautiful, breathtaking, need I say more? Sunny day and what a view. You can take a great walk or run, completely renovated this area. Flowers & historical landmarks, this is it! Want to take a walk while looking at the Golden Gate or the in between of the bay and the Pacific, this is the place to be.
First of all, plenty of parking! Beautiful scenery once you get out of your car. When my boyfriend and I went, we went just to take a walk along the trail. There were bikers, runners, and dogs :) We even passed by two gentlemen filming for their documentary to have the golden gate bridge in their shot. The trails are obvious but of course we went out of the trails to have a better and closer view of the coast.
Fort Miley is just above Sutro Baths and overlooks Land's End.  There's a fantastic little spot that's available for picnicking by reservation.  On the day of our visit, it was fabulous -- the picnic site felt like it was even a little sheltered from the wind, there were a couple of picnic tables and a grill; and a lovely expanse of lawn area for games and other frolicking.And yes, you've also got a glorious view of a bit of the baths, the Cliff House, and the wide expanse of Ocean Beach. No restrooms; just a porto-potty.Enter at El Camino del Mar & 48th Ave., park and hike up the hill to the picnic area.  Enjoy.
Love the walk here! Dog friendly, Great views, relaxing and you can get a good workout.
I remember on a very...let me put it as "unique" promnight spending time with everyone in my group here before crashing at a friend's house.It was late at night, and we just finished party hopping from house to house and we decided, at 2-3AM (I honestly dont know the time), to overlook the ocean and the bridge and just chill and talk. I was surprised that this national landmark was still open that night... because recently, I checked if it was open at 12AM (yeah I know, it was my second time going there) and the gates were closed... and that was on a friday night. I dont know, maybe the rules have changed?But anyway, the place at night is knockout gorgeous. On a nice, clear night, you see the bridge and its lights to your left and on the right you see the ocean that just expands magnificently. Across you see the headlands which just glows from the bridge lights and the moonlight. The Fort itself is dark at night, kind of sketch, but it was nice and just a great environment to hangout with friends ending an interesting run for prom. Great memories to be had here, so I definitely love this place.
