Don't have a dog :(.... Yet! But used to come here often with my aunt and cousin to take their dogs out! :) And it would be very lovely seeing them make friends and playing with the other pups. Not only that, but coming here also equals such a nice scenic walk! From going on different trails and looking at the trees and getting beautiful views of the ocean!! Most pleasing when it's nice out. This is also a place that can be fun for kids! Let them run around together and "explore"! You'll love it... They'll love it. Just as much as the dogs hahah.
If I had a dog, I would come here more often.If I had kids, I would come here more often.If I lived walking distance, I would come here more often.When I'm old and my only friend is my shadow, I will come here.Some areas were more secluded than others.  We came here to run up and down sand dunes trying to get our work out on.  Nice, clean area with a great view of the beach.
This PLACE! I wish my dog could write a review because she would be raving. We came here after missing the exit for the golden gate dog park. Our sheepdog mix, loved the park. There is tons of beach area to explore and if you are agile you can jump down the small sand cliff to the beach area which is mostly empty. I am excited to go back and explore this dog beach more. A bit of advice to dog owners- to dogs, a tennis ball is a communal good. If you come to a dog park with any toy, prepare to leave with no toy.
A beautiful place that is a dog lovers dream! The beach is an incline down from where parking is and you just follow a some sandy steps and happy dogs down to the beach.There you will find beautiful coastline and a beach where dogs roam off leash. We loved walking along it and so did our dog.One thing we didn't like was that horses were also down there and caused a stir within the dogs. I guess it's an animal friendly beach!
For over three years, we have been coming to Fort Funston!  This is a dog heaven place, and I hope it will continue to be an off leash dog beach because our dogs, truly enjoy running freely and jumping into the water, over and over again.  They also love meeting all the nice dogs and owners alike, who too, enjoys the serene and peaceful view of the ocean.I take advantage of coming here to exercise not just my dogs, but to shed a few "Pillsbury" belly fat off my waist, and challenge myself every time to run up the sandy hill.  What's really cool about Fort Funston, there are always people around even on foggy days.  But on a clear and warm afternoon, you will find many hand gliders up above, dog walkers and even tourists simply enjoying what San Francisco Beach has to offer.  Fort Funston truly is a magical place both for the humans and their dogs too.Until then, Cheers! ~ :p
This is the perfect place to take your dog! Off-leash and a beach nearby.My friend took me here with his dog and found a weird parking at the bottom near an intersection. It looked like an unfinished road so only about 4 cars could park there. We walked up the hill and found ourselves at the top of Fort Funston.Very beautiful. Highly recommended. Bring your camera, perfect place to take pictures as well!
Thank you to all the amazing yelp reviews!Came here yesterday with my bf and yorkie for lunch/beach day.Parking at the top and bottom and a little trek to the beach. I love off the leash dog beaches and I'm so happy Fort Funston exist. I just moved to the bay and I've been looking for dog friendly places and Fort Funston makes it to the top of my list.If you're a dog owner it's def worth a trip and make it part of your free day. I'll be back for more doggy beach days with our little Ebi.
I wouldn't call this spot a hike but it's more of a nice, sandy dog park. You park at the top and walk down these steps that are mostly covered with sand. As you descend the stairs, it's a bit of a stop and wait while others ahead of you try to navigate down. I wore sneakers and really should've worn sandals since with every step, your foot gets lost in a pile of sand. Meanwhile the dogs are having a grand time running down trying to quickly make it to the beach. At the bottom of the hill is doggie paradise! Dogs of all sizes are running freely, catching balls and rushing straight into the oncoming waves. Bring a sweater since it can get quite chilly and windy. A nice outdoor adventure for your four-legged friends.
Fort Funston is as fun and beautiful as you would expect from the best dog park in the world.My dogs and I entered the park through the Lake Merced parking lot and hiked down the path towards  San Francisco. Along the way, we saw tons of well behaved dogs and children, friendly people, and some of the most beautiful sights I've seen in the Bay so far.Fort Funston does provide a water fountain for people and pets near the Lake Merced entrance and some of the paths are paved, but I did find it difficult to find a path that led to the actual beach due to a lack of signage and me not thinking to bring a map of the place. I also recommend bringing plenty of dog waste bags as well as a vessel to carry used bags in, as I didn't see any trash cans along the trails.Also as a heads up, the beach access trail near the Lake Merced entrance is actually closed for the winter season, and so to access the beach you should head to the trail closest to Fort Funston's official parking lot.Overall, this is a fantastic place and I'm going to try to take my little buddies here as often as I can!
My boyfriend and I have found our favorite get away for our two boys Kain D (German Shepard) and Rowdy Boy (Boxer) I brought these 3 here for their first time and we loved it. We started off down the hill more from the entrance and parked there on the side of the freeway. We walked up the hill (opposite ofFort Funston) to where there's open fields were Kain and Rowdy met many other playful dogs and laid back owners. We went passed everyone up a few of the cliffs and came across one of the forts as well as the end of the cliffs which showcased the beautiful beach below as well as some forts. We then walked back to the car and drove into the Fort Funston parking and made our way down to the beach. There are different ways down and of course we took the complicated way (near the smaller parking section from the main one you will see on your right when you pull in) which was more exciting for me and the boys. The beach had many other dogs there to play with and all the owners are super friendly towards everyone and their dogs. Kain and Rowdy couldn't even stay within reach because they loved how much open space there was and how playful all the other dogs are.Going up, we took the stairs. This place is literally a dog heaven on earth. I would rather bring these two here than to a dog park!
Loved this place.Wish I lived closer....I had seen a few of my fellow Yelpers check in here, sparked my curiosity and decided I had to go on my next day off....would have brought my dog but wanted to see how it was first....my doggie is a little "special" As soon as I drove up I was in love....So peaceful and sceren....... Just thinking about it relaxes me .So all trail failed me and I did not even know where to get started. So I winged it..... Ummmm it was good and bad lol  I got lost a few times and had to slide down the hill.... "Fun" thank God im not afraid of heights So as Im going up the sandy hills I'm thinking "are you sure you want to do this?" Im not a huge fan of hills lol.... Love running down them HATE going up. Love the views .... Well as I go up I realize that not only is going up a sandy hill harder than a normal hill it also requires an enormous amount of leg strength. Oh well I didnt drive an hour and a half to stand around....... So worth it .... Something so rewarding about making it up and then making it back.  I'm sure there are easy routes...like I said I got lost and made up one lol.... Well if you want to relax , listen to the waves , breath some freah air this is a good place to go.All dogs where well behaved.... Not sure how my dog would have done...maybe ill take him next time...
I regrettably don't come out to Fort Funston too often anymore, with the passing of my beloved 15-year old Labrador (Lira) last July. However, I have some wonderful memories of Fort Funston, from both my childhood and dog-hood days.THE HIGHLIGHTS.+ Large, open space with a good number of trails to explore + No leashes required (although I'd be careful around the cliff trail with your pup, as there have been some tragic deaths for both humans and animals there)+ Strong community of dog walkers (and you eventually get to know quite a few pups/humans through your walks here)+ There's a water fountain near the middle-ish of the main trail, and many local dog walkers have donated bowls to keep every pup well hydrated+ Absolutely gorgeous views, with beach access via either a loooooong wooden-slatted stairway, or a steep sandy slope (dogs have been known to ditch their owners and run to the ocean here, with no intention of turning back, usually!)- There are some cat tails scattered around this place, which can be deadly to your dog if inhaled through the nose. Be informed and cautious.Fort Funston has a special place in my heart, and I wish every other dog owner happy memories here, as well.
I totally loved it! It's just too bad that I live in San Jose and can't go up here as much as I would want to... I went here on a cloudy, and a bit of a foggy day but even so.. I was so amazed on how cool and beautiful this place was! It was so green. I felt as if I was in a different world when I stepped outta the car haha. It definitely is a doggie heaven where all the dogs just run freely, interact and play with each other. There are many paths to explore! The cliffs can be dangerously exhilarating. The beach is walking distance (Which was unfortunately closed that day due to the weather. ):  But it's okay because I still really enjoyed the view.) The sand provides a good workout too! They also have historical stuff from the war which I thought was really cool and interesting. Definitely coming back!
This place is dog heaven. So many pretty huskies here.Walk about 5- 10 minutes down the sand stairs to get to the beach. Walk along the Pacific Ocean and see the tide bring in crabs! Get a good workout returning back up those stairs.There's a lookout point by the parking lot. And another walking trail that heads toward Ocean Beach.
I absolutely LOVE Fort Funston & my beloved Labrador loves this place too! Like everyone says, this is literally dog heaven as you can let your dog free & run around wherever they desire! Your furry friend can play with other dogs or you can go on adventures with just you & your dog as there is an abundance of space. There are so many things to do with your dog here. You may explore the woods which reminds me of a little forest. You can also run them up & down the high sand hills. You can simply take them on a walk down the trail. OHH & the best part, you can get your doggy all wet in the beach! So fun & the activities are endless! Fort Funston is literally everything you can ask for in a great dog park. The view is stunning & relaxing as well. Fort Funston is definitely the place to treat your best friend to & get them exercised as they have a blast!
Fort Funston is now in my top 3 off-leash dog beaches in California - along with Del Mar Dog Beach and Morro Strand (between Morro Bay and Cayucos).  This area is beautiful.  Lots of trails to walk, dogs walking freely, no poop to be seen.  Not at all crowded this Saturday mid-morning and plenty of parking.This former Nike missle site was inactivated in 1963 but remnants of the former purpose are visible.  The parking area sits at the missle launch site and down at the water level is more structural evidence that are now a canvas for creative artwork (tagging).The clips are jagged - follow the trails to lets down to the waters beach and there are, supposedly, two sand ladders (pseudo stairs) available and are a good workout heading back up.  At the water, the sand is clean; I hear it's magnetic.It's more than drive up, park, and hit the beach.  There's trails and paths and this area is easy to get to (just south of the Zoo).
"Fort Fun", we call it.  My dog lives for this place.  He has many friends here (more friends than most people have, I'd venture.)  And I've met several wonderful dog owners who share their experiences and insights.  Visiting Fort Fun on a regular basis has immensely enhanced my dog's life, and mine.
I LOVE this place.  This is perhaps the best place in the city to take your dog.  It is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area so a good part of it is off leash (voice control).  Plenty of dogs around for your pup to play with and most of the owners are responsible and aware of their four legged friends.  There are plenty of paths to explore and a beach for your pup to enjoy.  The tide can affect your experience as it can come up pretty high and could prevent you from walking from one end to the other.  The paths up/down to the beach is a good workout for most and made more challenging because they are covered in sand.  Plenty of free parking - I never had any problems on the weekend.  Water fountains and trash bins are by the main parking lot - bring your own poop bags.Be careful of the cliffs though as the drop off can be steep and there are reports of erosion.  This area can also be pretty windy so a jacket may be needed.
Great place to take an easy hike and take in some fresh air.We were looking for an easy hike and this place came up. The name of the park sounds exciting enough - Fort and Fun-ston. Just 10+mins away from Daly City. They have a decent sized parking lot with easy access to the trail heads. All trails are easy with minimal incline. A highly popular dog park, where dogs have plenty of space to run and many are off leash. If you are afraid of dogs, this is definitely not a park for you. Most of the dogs we come across are very friendly.The whole trail is very beautiful. One of my favorite trails though a tad too short. Highly recommended park. just make sure you watch where you step - dog poo everywhere.
Sooooo mmmmaaannnyyyy dooooogs! OMG we found doggy playground heaven. Those stairs though.. man I was not ready for that. There are a lot to get down to the beach, so be prepared. Is this where the dog walkers take the pups? If not, they should. If anyone owns a dog, they MUST bring them here. Just at the border of San Francisco and Daly City, Fort Funston offers at least 5 different hiking trails for both humans and dogs. The crowning feature though to this National park is... the Beach! Duh. Bring the dogs, take the leash off and let them run, bark, frolic, sniff, dig, smell and swim to their hearts delight. They will have the best nights sleep and you a quiet house. If you prefer not to make the trek down the stairs to the water, there is a nice overlook that is just as appealing. The native shrubs and grass nearby will keep fido entertained just the same. Take heed and mind the decaying animals on the sand such as birds, crabs and fish. Lest fido cover his own coat with that of the water road-kill - your car will smell the same.  Otherwise it's a great day out with the dogs!
I love this place because it's the only place I know in the bay area that allows dogs on the beach. A beach destination for your fur friends. If I was a dog, I'd love this place too! I mean who doesn't love being on the beach??It didn't take us long to get to the beach also from the parking lot. I liked that. Alot! There's a few different pathways you could take to get down to the beach.I saw so many dogs here and if I was a dog, I'd think this place was heaven. We came when the weather was perfect, not too cold and not too hot, just right. While our fur friends were running around with other dogs, we walked along the beach collecting rocks and sand dollars. We found so much!! And I didn't know that their  natural color was purple! I guess once it dies, it turned white. Be careful with these too! Broken sand dollars could be hiding under sand!I don't like that we live far away but I love coming here so it's worth the drive. I get to be around dogs!
This place to dogs would be what the city is to me. Huge, foggy, and plenty of room to get in trouble. I take my dog here occasionally to let him rip through the sand and concrete trails unleashed. He loves it so much here, and I think it's much safer here than at Bernal Heights Park. We walk down the Thornton beach where Bailey has no clue how to deal with the water, but enjoys the nice breeze and sand in his paws. For any dog lover that has a social dog, take them here. They'll love it.
Love this place!I have only been here twice. Once when I was with college when a guy decided to take me on a date here and didn't tell me so I was wearing unsupportive flats, and another time the other day when a friend suggested with go hiking with our babies in the packs. Easily said the latter was the more fun of the two and because of this I know I will be back here soon.It is a free range dog park so several dog walkers come here and let the dogs run loose. At one point I would said we easily had 25 dogs running happily all around us. It was great! There are a set of stairs you can go up and down to get a workout. Two days later my legs are still sore. Other than the stairs all of the incline and decline are very gradual so this is just an all around great place to go if you want an effective and easier workout. The views are great. On one side you can see the Pacific Ocean and the other side you can see Golden Gate Park and all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge.The only bummer that happened while here was that since there were so many dogs, my daughter did the deed and picked up some dog poop. Gross... But with that being out of anyone's control I can't wait to come back for some more scenic exercise goodness.
Doggie oasis within city limits...need I say more? This is an AWESOME place to bring your dog to socialize or just for a scenic little hike/walk along the beach. So many awesome dogs and places for dogs to sniff. My little ones love going here and romping around for hours. There are a couple water spouts for parched pooches, in addition to trash receptacles for waste products. Highly recommend wearing comfortable shoes with a bit of a grip, especially if you plan on trekking down to the beach. Be forewarned: there's a crazy incline to climb from the beach, so be ready to engage those glutes and hamstring muscles!!
Fort Funston is truly as good as it gets for dogs. It's truly like doggy heaven, just like everyone says. One huge stretch of beach and trails, too, for you and your dog to explore. It's endless fun! In that vein, though, if you're not sure how your dog will act around a ton of different dogs of all sizes and personalities...leash them first. There's no shame in doing so! And if your dog isn't ready for off-leash time, people will (and rightfully so) let you know what time it is. I've never had a bad experience and almost all of the dog owners are super responsible and their dogs well-behaved. The beach itself is huge and you can walk for miles, it seems. It's not the prettiest beach for human swimming or picnicking, but it's great for a romp or a game of frisbee with the pooch. Views from the top looking at the coast are just awesome. Especially when the sun decides to come out. Be smart, be responsible and have many epic adventures together! Woof!
My favorite doggy park ever!!!! A great place to socialize your pup especially on the week days. There are a bunch of dog walkers who brings large packs of dogs who are well behaved. I have not come in contact with any ill mannered dog owners or dogs yet. The beach there is pretty clean as well. Just a heads up, the stairs back up to the parking lot are KILLERRR!!! I also do not recommend coming on windy days because gusts of sand will hit you like bullets!
We have very fond memories coming here in the past enjoying the views of the ocean and watching the hang gliders soar.It's been at least ten years since our previous visit. No real reason for not returning.I think we caught Fort Funston on a bad day.  It was very windy so the main trail was closed.  There were also dozens of dogs; half of which were pooping up a storm without their owners cleaning up after them.....wth?Mr Rinky braved the winds and walked down one of the open trail.I stayed in the car and read since I wasn't dressed for the cold.
Doggy island ! Live near by and there's a dog community here.  People are usually very friendly . Many different breeds of dogs ! Me and my wife try to come every month with our lovely Darwin ! There's a beach that he loves to swim in it . Recommended for all friendly dogs!
This is my dog's favorite spot in SF. Fort Funston is full of happy dogs running around having fun. If you are a dog lover in the Bay area, be sure to visit Fort Funston!!!
DO YOU LOVE DOGS?! RAISE YOUR HAND IF YOU LOVE DOGS!Or...alternatively, take a walk through Fort Funston if you really love dogs because they are everywhere here!I don't have a dog. In fact, I'm more of a cat person. But I've since been to Fort Funston two times now and I'm a little jealous that you're able to take a walk with a dog and bring it to the beach and cats just like to hang out on your windowsill and hiss at you when it's hungry.For Funsten is like a getaway from the city. It's a bit hard to get to for a downtown dweller like me, I took the M to Stonestown and then the 18 will drop you off right by.I took a little hike and found myself in this beautiful scenic environment.Sand. Sand everywhere. In your hair, eyes, lips, purse, and tiny crevice and crack to be seen. It gets windy here! The sand ca sting sometimes so wear leayers and bring a towel or something.The wind is also unusual because it is the cause behind the changing landscape every week. I was sitting down on this sloping hill the first time I was here. The 2nd time? That beautiful slope was gone and is now this terrifying cliff drop. Whoa.Once you hike down to the edge of the water, the wind dies a little bit and it's nice to walk. The sand isn't very clean and there's a lot of washed up sea creatures and the shells of old crabs and such. Not very pleasant, but hey it's the ocean.You'll notice the abandoned remains of bunkers from time past. Bunkers where they use to camp out and watch for intruders in the sky. Pointing their guns into the air just waiting for days on end for something to happen, but hoping nothing does. Now the large concrete bases have fallen from the cliffs onto the sand below into their final resting place-until the waves will eventually wash them out into the ocean forever.Historical, windy, hilly, isolated, and full of puppies. Yeah, that's Fort Funsten!
Perfect place for a quick afternoon hike with friends, family, and better yet -- with your dogs! It's a dog heaven for sure. There's a huge parking lot just up skyline blvd. The hike itself is relatively easy. It's about an hour long hike, but there's no time limit because you can always hike farther. The trails can get a bit sandy. The best part is the beach that connects below fort funston!
Took my dog here for a walk the other day. Great place for a hike. Also very historic as you can visit the bunkers and also have great views. You can also watch the hangliders taking off from here
The view is amazing!  A real playground for dogs.  Becareful pulling into the parking lot dogs may be off leash.
Benji gives Fort Funston four paws up. He loves to play with other friendly pup buddies and to run in the ocean. The beach is long and there's enough space for everyone to spread out to explore. Almost everyone there has a dog so you should bring one too unless you want to look like a dog-napper. Benji had a wonderful time sniffing other doggies' butts and putting random things in his mouth. I had the pleasure of carrying Benji's many bags of poop during our outing. Happy dog = happy doggy parent.
Don't know if I can add to all the same happy comments as other yelpers - but really the best place to bring your dog for beach, trails and socialization. On the trails, they even have water stops! Everyone has a chuck-it so your dog can happily try to chase someone else's ball. Poop bags at the front. Parking really easy to find.
I don't think I've ever seen a higher rated place on Yelp. At this writing, 5 stars on 760 reviews! Well let me add to the trend.I don't know if I can any thing different to what has been listed already.- Beautiful views of the cliffs from the top to the bottom- Great for dogs and owners to roam free- Great for hiking and walking trails- Great for romance or for funParking wasn't a problem for us, and we came on a beautiful Sunday around 4pm. I recommend a good pair of shoes for walking in sand, and definitely bring a jacket just in case the wind gets up there.One cool fact : As long as it's a clear day, you can see the tops of the Golden Gate Bridge from here!This is a must see spot, and I know this because all the locals come here! I would come here often too, if I lived here.
Do you have a dog? Do you have free time on a Sunday Morning? Get the %$*! out of the bed and take your playful pet out for a long walk through a beautiful little adventure at Fort Funston. Good:1. Amazing landscapes2. All kind of terrains to explore (Grass, Sand, Ground, Water, Cement)3. There are many routes available to take inside the reserve.4. Forgot to bring water bottle? There are couple water fountains for you and your pet.5. Good place to meet new people and new dogs (because your dog needs friends too)Not so good:...
My schnauzer, who is now 5, has been coming here since he was a pup. I come here almost everyday for my run with my dogs & every experience has been as pleasant as the others.  The dog walkers and other park goers are nice & are always ready to give my dogs some lovin'. I really appreciate that there are two water fountains with bowls for your dogs when its time for a water break and bags at every garbage station.  There are multiple trails you can take & 2 ways to go down to the beach (ones a huge set of stairs & other a sand hill).  I would suggest to always park at the main parking lot towards the west side of Ft. Funston by the coastal trail as parking on the lower side against to the road can get a little sketchy sometimes-- there have been multiple breaks in over the years so just a heads up.  I can't rave enough about how much I love this place. Off-leash, big open space, beach view... sigh. If you've never been here as a dog lover or not, you def. have to check it out asap!Also, Ft. Funston has recently finished up some re-construction with their trails as well. (See my pictures) I like how the walkways are now much larger and I'm sure they'll be finishing up the rest of the trails as some of them really do need some tlc. Till next time.
Heaven on earth for our pup. This place is magical- on the sunniest and warmest of days to the coldest and foggiest- it doesn't matter. Your pups have freedom!! They run and play in the water- explore hills and the beach- they make friends and get so much exercise and play time in. I honestly think this is my favorite place to be in the bay- happiness all around. We have seen whales all over the place as well. Such a highly recommended spot to all dog lovers!
It couldn't be a more perfect day to take my little double doodle to fort funston for the first time. The weather was absolutely perfect, warm, sunny, and not windy, this is Disneyland for doggies. Doggies can be off leash on the trails as well as the beach. Plenty of space for them to walk, play, and run. I didn't see any aggressive dogs when u was there and there are dogs of all shapes and sizes. Bring a towel though for the pooch because they can get sandy and wet after playing at the beach! Overall, believe the hype, it really is an amazing place for your best pals.
Great place to take a long walk and enjoy the awesome view!And dogs round around freely!  Yay!
For me , this is home. I feel like this is my backyard just 5-10 minutes away. I used to come here a lot! All the time with friends & family. I used to walk my dogs here and/or would come here to watch sunsets. Hangliders are fun to watch too. You can walk on the trails and walk the path down to the beach.
Its a great beach but godammn~! That climb back up the sand stairs is punishing..better be pretty fit or take lots of breaks...
This place is quite amazing mainly for the amazing views you can see here at any time of the day and all the hiking trails that can be found here. Of course since this is a dog park, there are A LOT of dogs around and with that comes a lot of dog poop and dog pee so watch your step! (Hence the 4 stars) but the views here - amazing. Even if you don't have a dog, coming here for a photography shoot of sunsets and sunrises are probably the most amazing photos you will get. There is plenty of parking here, even on busy days which is always a good thing. There aren't any actual bathrooms here (portable pottys) which I think should change, this place is nice and with all the people that come here it couldn't hurt to have decent park bathrooms here. Other than that, I have heard that it is the most popular dog park in San Francisco. Check it out and bring a jacket just in case as it can get quite windy here.
I love this place. My girlfriend loves this place. My dog HELLA loves this place. There's a trail. There's a beach. What's not to love?My dog is a 6 year old, grumpy ass English bulldog and nothing stokes his inner fire more than running around off leash, chasing a dirty ass ball he found on the beach. Even though he frowns 99% of the time, I know he loves it and gets a raging dog boner when he realized we're here.
Spectacular views and fun place to introduce your feet to the Pacific. Lots of dogs but so much space they don't hassle you. Bring sandals, the walk down and up is basically on sandy hills and shoes make it harder.
Holy stairs!!!!! No for real, prepare yourself for the hundreds of stairs you have to climb down (more importantly BACK UP).  That being said, Fort Funston is GORGEOUS!  Such an awesome location and a really great dog-friendly beach.  Almost all of the owners were responsible with their dogs, so it made for a very fun and stress-free morning.  We came at around 11am and there was a lot of parking available.All in all, a great experience and I will definitely be back!!
This is like doggy disneyworld, amazing -- my pup got to meet so many other dogs and run in such a wide open space off leash!! Getting down to the beach is pretty manageable, you can walk on a paved path until you get there and it was pretty flat too. The pups can wander around while you mosey on down.The beach is pretty clean and most the pups are friendly, this adventure really tired my pup out - yay! (he has a lot of energy). Lots of wind when I went, but the experience was amazing for my pup! Parking was pretty easy, and I would definitely come back!!
Wow! Who remembers 11 Nike missile bases around the San Francisco Area! Well they were there from 1954 through 1974. Incredible - Fort Funston is one of the remnants of that cold war area. That is surely some food for thought. Today Fort Funston is a wonderful park on the cliffs overlooking the incredible Pacific Ocean. It is a favorite spot for hang gliders, dogs, and of course people! Expect wind, the hang gliders depend on it and it is quite a show. I love to be on the cliffs overlooking the ocean with a vista down the coastline, it is a heavenly spot! Bring the coat / windbreaker,. bring binoculars, bring lunch, bring drinks, and enjoy another section of paradise on the California Coast
Beautiful dog park! It's heaven for dogs. The walk down to the beach is easy but the return hike will get your muscles burning. I would definitely make a return visit!
This place is awesome for dogs off leash. You have a variety of areas for your dogs to run through.  They are remodeling some walk ways right now. Make sure you walk down the path and head down towards the beach. They have great kodak spots for you to take. Although the climb back up from the beach is a bit tough so be prepared. overall, enjoy the weather, hang gliders, and ocean. We even saw a few whales pop up.
Love this place as its the best for dogs off leash running and doing their dog thing.I love to see the variety of dogs and get a chance to scratch their head!
Views = epic. Scenery = hard to beat.  Every time, it's different.  It's beautiful.  Rain or shine, just go! Dogs = having way too much fun.  I brought 4 dogs here, and they had so much fun.  As did I! Parking = easy.  Don't be an asshole and take up two spots.  There's a few benches around, too.  Water fountains for you and your critters.
This place is awesome! I'm only disappointed I just recently discovered it.In 4+ years of SF living, I'd never bothered to drive 10 min down the Great Highway to Fort Funston - and I was totally missing out! There's a pretty large parking lot (free) at the top of the bluff. From there, you walk down a long stairway to the beach (it's almost more like a sand slide). Once on the beach, it can get crowded where the stairs let out, but walk 10 min in either direction and you might be the only one around! We walked south along the beach for two miles and only passed a few people the entire way - a fisherman, a woman on a horse, and a few surfers. For November the beach was warm - although obviously the water is still frigid. I'm not sure, but I think there might be less wind here than at Ocean Beach.One thing to note is that this place is popular with dogs, so if you have a fear of canines, probably not the spot for you.
This is our number 1 / go to- dog park. It's a HUGE area where you can take your dog off leash without having to deal with the fear of cars, bikes, skateboards, and roller blades. Bubs loathes the sound of skateboards, roller blades, and scooters and will attack them / the rider which scares me b/c I don't want some kid getting hurt by accident. He also runs off the curb (no matter how much we've tried to train him to stick on the sidewalk) even though we can trust he won't run away. There is a huge parking lot and then a large sand area, but if you walk in further, there is a place to give your dog water, beach access, a woodland area, an amazing view, and more open softer sandy areas to play.There are several loops or trails OR you can make your own trail (but be mindful of the indigenous plant life and don't trample on things) to enjoy with your dog. There are a also a bunch of various sized dogs running around which is nice for socialization. The people are nice and don't really bother me or Bubs. There was a time when we were walking back to the car and a dog pounced on Bubs but it wasn't in an aggressive way... it was more playful and it was pretty funny. The dog owner had apologized to me but I wasn't mad at all.One thing to point out though is that in the later evening, it can be a little scary as there are a lot of secluded areas. Near dark, there aren't a lot of people and it could be dangerous.
If you are a dog owner and looking for a great off-leash experience for both you and your pooch, look no further!  They have water bowls at two areas for your dogs so no need to bring a bowl or carry water.  Just remember your poop bags!
Dog lovers galore! Fort is both my dogs absolute favorite place to be. Most likely because they get to be free and off leash in a non-contained area. It's also relatively clean  because most owners are responsible and pick up their dog's poop.I usually start off on the right side of the lot and work my way toward the water fountains and take the left side route. My dogs LOVE running down the paved hill! There's 3 options for us from there. We can take the 1) beach route 2) horse trail 3)sandy hill. I like the beach route the most. I bring them down the steep sandy incline and bring them down to the water. Many folks let their dogs run on the beach and bring them back the same way but I like to walk along the beach back up towards the stairs/parking lot. This tires my dogs out the most and they usually have a blast running in and out of the water. The best part of this route is the stairs... it exhausts them (in a good way!)!!Don't forget to bring towels to wipe the dogs down! They will get SANDY!!!!!
This is the spot where on lookers can mingle with USHGA (United States Hang Gliding Association) pre and post flight while they fuss with stowing their expensive kites. Most are very giving in sharing their sport with onlookers. And below the ridge they so covet is the expanse of beach along the mighty pacific so there is plenty of space to jog in the sand. There are also cool sand formations along the ridge  person may seek shelter from Alous God of wind. The USHGA keeps stickers on the helmets to signify flying compidence and the name of the game here is ridge soaring. The constant, dependable wind flow from the Pacific ocean create near perfect lift pilots all enjoy. We are Blessed to have this event here and equally Blessed by the generosity of Francis Regallo's wife who released her husbands original designs for a space capsule recovery kite that was brilliant but never developed. Good old Nasa,
I love this plaace!!!! brought my dog here and it was amazing it was such a cool breeze and the people are friendly there was so many friendly dogs i would love to live by here
Fort Funston is a hop and skip away from our home.  It's a decent beach to visit if you're in the area.  Nice views but expect overcast, windy conditions as a norm.  You can surf here if you're not afraid of the freezing water.  If you're a dog owner, you flock there bc it's the one beach that allows off leash dogs.  The ratio of people to dogs is easily 1:1 at Fort Funston.  Could be a good place to bring the family and dogs.  However, I feel that those dog owners who do not practice common etiquette diminish the overall experience at Fort Funston.  I'm a dog lover but I do not love irresponsible dog owners.  I always notice that some people do not pick up after their dogs there.  Also, just bc this is an off leash beach, it does not mean you cannot leash your dog (especially those who need to).  Today, there were some little yappy dogs that tried to attack any person that would walk within a 40 ft vicinity of their owner.  Dumb dog owner - please leash your dogs.  I also witnessed a few dogs that got into a fight and the owners were pulling them off of each other.  Somehow one of the owners ended up falling down in the sand dunes.  Again, if you have an aggressive dog, do not let it go unleashed.  Overall, there are better beaches to visit in SF especially if you want a little more peace and quiet.  If you do go to Fort Funston, be cautious of the unleashed dogs and watch your step.
Flopsie had her annual vaccination in the mroning. We headed to Fort Funston right after.  Fort Funston is like Disneyland for Dogs. Even though it was a gloomy day, there were still plenty of doggies.A quick note, the cement path in from of Battery is closed for repairs.
We walked down to the beach and it was worth the walk. The trail leading down was well made and easy to go down, not as easy going up if your out of shape!  Flew a kite on the beach and the hang gliders above were well out of the way of my kite. Once decided to buzz my kite about 100 feet from the kite. I think he was jealous that I was doing loops. Love the history behind this spot! So glad it's public space and not full of houses on a cliff.
Be warned if you are considering bringing a small dog here, do so at your own risk. Keep small dogs on leash for their protection.  My 17 LB dog was chased and rolled by a dog pack.  Word of mouth is that a small dog is killed here about once a week.  Even my neighbors' high school kid was nipped by a dog while running here. Park & Rec: please add small dog safety warnings at dog parks.   Danger is not obvious to newcomers.  Thanks
goodhelpfulWoohoo! As good as it gets!
Never thought I would see so many dogs at one place, all prancing around off leash. It honestly was like a dream come true for me! We went to Fort Funston with some friends and their adorable puppy and looooved the place. It is a short hike to the beach and there are enough water bowls along the way for the doggies. You can see almost every breed of dog and they all look so happy as they greet each other. :) Even if you don't have a dog but love dogs, visit Fort Funston. It is a doggy lovers paradise!
The dogs are cute. Nice scenery. Crows are funny to watch in the parking lot. One kept on trying to pick up a toothbrush.Also apparently the plant you see covering most of the dunes was introduced after the military bulldozed the area to make the fort. Then the introduced the African Ice Plant, and its invasive. They're trying to reintroduce native plants.Cold and windy, bring a jacket.Easy parking.
One of the best places I've gone with my dog! Took my weim here and had him off leash the whole time. Great place for your dogs to sniff around and explore the environment. Definitely one of the best dog friendly places I've been thus far. Pros: - huge location- amazing scenery - off leash compatible -amazing hiking routes-water stations for your dog!
Loved bringing my dog here for the afternoon!  For the most part, I felt like most people did a good job of watching their off-leash dogs. My little papillon loved digging up crabs and chasing the water on the beach.  The views were remarkable too!
If you're into biking, from the middle of SF through the panhandle, GG Park, and down the Great Hwy is a great 20-mile roundtrip.This is a very dog-friendly park, and all the visitors definitely take advantage of that!I went on a short hike down to the beach (the trail had wooden logs as steps, but they were on a trail of loose wood chips and sand. You'll definitely get crap in your shoes). The view of the ocean is quite amazing from the top, and once you're on the beach, the ocean stretching as far as you can see on either side framed by the high cliff is quite majestic. Plus, it was actually HOT in January! I guess going just a little bit south from the city will greatly improve the weather conditions.View from the top of that trail: yelp.com/biz_photos/fort…If you're not in for a hike, just take the trail that goes directly west from the parking lot. Just 100 yards or so and you'll get to a really nice viewing point with a great view!
Fort FUNston;) lol man. I'm hungry af now after the FUN in FUNSTON!!  We are doing well and I'm not trying to get a new sweater.
Difficult to find beaches like this in SoCal. Sand dunes everywhere with great cliff views . Some days you'll see people on gliders and across the 35 is lake meritt with the occasional team of speed rowers. Great place for a long run around. Dog owners paradise. Beware there are tons of dogs off leash, most of them are well behaved, but you never know...I usually park on the side of the road past Fort Funston Rd going down the 35.
Just got back from spending Labor Day at Fort Funston for the first time! The pups are all tuckered out, curled up in their beds. I'm pretty sure this is the quietest my house has ever been at this hour. This is great! :)SO worth making the trip up from the South Bay to come here! We spent probably 3 hours walking up and down a portion of the beach, and the dogs were just thrilled the entire time.No other dog park is even comparable. This place is a paradise for dogs, and scenic and clean for the humans. The sand is super soft, lovely to walk barefoot on. The beach is clean for the most part, no dog poo left anywhere, not much trash or litter around. There's some interesting rocks/caves/ledges around to explore, and hang gliders to watch!Maybe all the open space makes dogs much more agreeable with each other. My dog only encountered one touchy shiba inu, and that was only because she invited herself to sharing its ball lol. Oops.---Tips:+ Free parking! Woohoo! Gets a bit crowded in the afternoon so you might need to circle around for a bit. Watch out for offleash dogs in the parking lot!+ Make sure you bring poop bags! You'll also be holding onto the poops for a while since there are no trash cans on the beach.+ Bring water for your pups! My two dogs got so thirsty right when they got to the beach (probably also from being silly dogs and trying to drink sea water, bleh!) They slurped up half a bottle of water right away.+ Watch out for horses! (And horse poo, lol, dogs love that stuff.) They get spooked when dogs follow them so make sure you call your dogs off, even if they're just curious about the strange giant beast with a human on top.+ The path we took today had some pretty steep stairs that made getting down to the beach super easy, but going back up was a different story! I'm sure there's another path for those who aren't looking to do stairmasters up from the beach.---Looking forward to checking out more of the trails when we go next time! We walked the up and down a good portion of the beach today, but curious where the other trails take us.
Great mini hike with my dog! He enjoyed being outdoors and seeing so many other dogs. At first he was scared to go near the water, but after we carried him to stand in the water, he realized it was nothing so he loved it. Going up the stairs was easier than coming down for him. Definitely want to return on a nice day! Lots of parking, but it fills up quick.
I had seen a few of my fellow Yelpers check in here, sparked my curiosity and decided I had to go on my next day off....would have brought my dog but wanted to see how it was first....my doggie is a little "special"
Funston is such a great way to spend your afternoon! It's easy to find with plenty of parking. There is an area next to the parking lot where you can easily walk your dogs around a trail, or, if you are looking to enjoy some beach time - head to the left and down the steps/cliff onto the beach, unfortunately, theres no easy way to climb back up. Theres lots of dogs, but unfortunately, I have found a lot of dog owners bring their pooches who aren't always the most dog-friendly and let them run around off-leash. I had a scoop up my dog a handful of times from other people's snarling dogs. If your dog isn't great with other dogs - please don't take them to off-leash parks!!!
LOVE!! I can't believe I haven't gone to this place any sooner! It's been on my list of places to go for over a year and today we took a spontaneous trip there (don't regret a thing). Everybody here is friendly and you don't have to worry about anybody complaining about dogs being off leash. Depending where you park the less walking you have to do. We parked along Skyline blvd and because we were first timers it took us longer to find the actual beach but when we did it was like a hidden gem. Happy dogs, wet tails wagging. What's better than that? Definitely recommend and will be coming back soon :) Ohh and if anybody is wondering they have porta potties at the main entrance and fresh water bowls available at each water fountain.
Such a great place to come on the weekend and bring your fur babies! It was a nice and sunny summer day, not a cloud in the sky. The weather was perfect. There is plenty of parking. We found a parking spot along the side of the road but if you drive a little further down you'll find a huge lot where you can park, I'm not too sure if you have to pay to park there. There are plenty of hills as well as a beach that lets your dogs run around off leash. I would bring water for you and the dogs because I didn't see any water fountains for dogs. You'll definitely get in a good leg workout and some light cardio.
I don't have much experience in searching out dog friendly beaches, but this turned out to be a great place to bring the little guy. With hang gliders soaring overhead, dogs running all around, hills rolling behind you and the pacific ocean stretching out in front of you, this historic beach is a great place to spend the afternoon with your pets. As with any other beach in the area though, the water is extremely cold.
If you like to creep on other people's dog's because you live in a tiny SF apartment and can't have one of your own, this is the place for you.My biological clock is telling me it's time for a dog but due to aforementioned apartment situation I can't get one.  SO I come here and hike and sit by the 180 degree view of the ocean and pet the dozens off-leash dogs that come up to me.  If this place had a tree that grew Chilean empanadas, then it would truly be my heaven.  It's seemingly sunny all the time (but deceptively breezy so bring layers).  People are friendly.  The colors with the trees, flowers, sand and crashing waves, are insane.  Bring a picnic, sunglasses and sunscreen, your dog (if you have one you lucky bitch) and prepare to laze the day away.My absolute favorite Bay Area park.
I drove 120 miles roundtrip to visit with my dog because she had never visited the ocean. The walk on the beach started out nice, but about 10 minutes into it a group on horses came by. The horses pooped and the riders didn't stop to clean it up. I had to leash my dog because she then wasn't interested in anything but eating horse manure. What's up with this -- we have to clean up after our dogs but people don't have to clean up after their horses?? Outrageous and very selfish.
