The Dogpatch Neighborhood Association said they "weren't going to do anything about dogs in Esprit" when the sprinklers were renovated, but when the park reopened, Rec & Parks had no idea there were hundreds of neighbors that needed the park for dogs in Dogpatch.  They were never against our being there.  I know because I stood out on the street and got 500 signatures on a petition, went to Rec & Parks meetings and task force meetings set up by Sophie Maxwell's office to discuss sharing the park.  We had been going there 20 years!  Folks here are reviewing Esprit Park, but actually "Friends of Esprit Park" is a group that stood against the much larger group of neighbors who wanted to continue taking their dogs to the park. The group I founded, Dogpatch Dogs, made an agreement with the "Friends of Esprit" and the Dogpatch Neighborhood Association but the Dog Advisory Committee (of Rec & Parks) had disbanded by then.  We're cool with that. For well over a year after that, opponents admitted there was 99% compliance with people keeping dogs on one side of the park but the folks that didn't want dogs there never showed up and the other side of the park remained empty.  Since they wouldn't allow us to put up any bushes or a fence as a divider, eventually people started taking their dogs into the empty meadow.  It's a good thing since HUNDREDS of new dog people moved into the neighborhood with their dogs, many in the building next door, and we need more space than we originally offered to limit ourselves to ... most of us prefer not to be on official dog play area maps since the park is already full with neighbors. Plus new non-dog parks are being created nearby for the folks that never came so hopefully they'll be happy.  Dogpatch Dogs has an enormous membership list, much larger than the other neighborhood groups, but we did our best to share.
There is currently an ongoing struggle with the city about this park and off leash dogs.  Park rangers are coming around a few times a day to either warn you put your dog on a leash or to give you a ticket, so be weary. If you see that ranger driving up, just put your dog on a leash and you're good.
The park is usually clean and well kept! Lots of kids and dogs. During the middle of the day there aren't many people here which is nice. The only reason I gave it 4 and not 5 stars is more for the dog owners than the park. Lots of people being their dogs here and no one uses leashes so when I bring my "not so friendly" dogo Argentino for a stroll around the park lots of people's dogs will run up to us without the owners even paying attention so I just try to avoid it during high traffic times.
From what I could see as I drove around and around and around and around, it looks very pretty and well maintained. I usually have amazing 'parking karma' but  I have attempted to go this park 3 different times, and could not find a parking place. On one occasion, there was a HUGE U-Haul Truck taking up 2.5 -  3 spaces and another big commercial vehicle.  Yes, I also drove 2 blocks from park to locate a spot without success.  3 stars for what looks like a great little park for my pooches, and a minus 1 for parking anywhere nearby the park.  I'll pass on this one...
What does a kid gotta do to get a swing in Dogpatch? Seriously. There are like 3 parks. They are ALL dog parks.While I respect the fact that dogs far outnumber children in this city, kids are HUMANS and should be entitled to safe and fun outdoor play areas where there is grass. 2 swings in place of ONE of the 5 never-used fitness stations.I mean seriously who the F set up this park? A total moron?I saw a children's birthday  the other day in Espirit park...all I kept thinking was of all the dogpoop remnants underneath their feet and hands. Happy Second birthday Tyler! We love you so much we had your day on top of feces!A parent said to me the other day as we watched dogs poop ALL over this place (yes it was picked up but once pooped on, its been pooped on yknow?)  "I wonder what the reaction would be if we just left our dirty compostable diapers all over the park"One side is leash on? PAHLEASE. Tell me another tall tale.Love humans first. We love back too!And adults like to get their swing on too- I mean it IS a park after all!
I have lived in Esprit Park for three years not and while there are many responsible dog owners, I also find there are an equal number of dog owners who are NOT responsible.  We spend a great deal of money cleaning up dog crap as well as trying to keep up the landscaping which is being killed off by dog urine.While I love dogs and have been a dog owner, this issue needs to be addressed and there should be an off leash area in the park.  We've had agressive off lead dogs who have confronted people on property and honestly it's a law suit in the making.I'd rather have an off leash area in the park so that it sets the precedent that dogs must remain on leash in the area.  It's just better for everyone.
This is 100% a dog park but I like that. It's an awesome place for our dogs to run around and play. Most people are responsible and clean up after their dogs. There are always a few bad apples but almost everyone I've met takes great care of the park and is friendly. People that want to treat it as a park to hang out with their kids should and can hang out there, but recognize its a dog park first and foremost. :) thanks all for being such great community members! Let's continue to be friendly and responsible, :)
Great little park only a short walk away from our new place! One not so great thing about living in the Dogpatch is that there isn't a lot of grassy areas and almost no parks to speak of. Thankfully we found Esprit! It's not a true "dog park", but you can bring your dogs here and one side of the park is ok for off-leash play, while the other side is for picnics, on-leash dogs and other park guests. The surrounding streets have almost no car traffic, so even though this park isn't fenced in, it doesn't feel unsafe to have your pet off-leash. We'll be coming here more often!
I bring my pooch here everyday! He loves mingling with  other pups and checking out the "sights". I usually show up between 6:30 and 7 and there is always a good size gathering of both people and dogs. Jax, my 12lb pug-westie mix, loves hanging with the big dogs, but there is always a good mix of small, medium and large dogs. This is a great place to socialize your dog or just to for them to burn off that extra energy. Come prepared with a ball and some treats to lure your pup back home! I think, technically, dogs are supposed to be on-leash all the time here,  but no one seems to follow that rule or mind at all! There's also lots of available parking, if you want to drive here :)
I'm so thankful for this little park.  There isn't a whole lot of green space in the Dogpatch, and this little park makes all the difference in making sure that our furry one gets a little rec time.  There is plenty of street parking nearby and the other humans and dogs are all friendly and laid back.  They have a spate of mature trees as well as a beautiful tulip magnolia tree that blooms every February / March.  It's not fair to compare Esprit to somewhere like Golden Gate Park as it's a neighborhood park with a neighborhood feel.
Esprit park is awesome!  Great place to play with your dog.  We love taking our corgi to play ball.  Even if the park is not fenced-in, Minnesota and Indiana are very quiet streets so it's safe to have dogs off-leash.  Best of all, we live two blocks away... the Dogpatch is very cool!blog.junbelen.com/2009/1…
Clean up after your dogs people! And if you must let your dog run around off-leash, make sure that they are well-behaved enough to not get excited and jump on people who have no interest having dirty doggy-paw-prints on their freshly-washed, pimpin' all-white tracksuit. Seriously... such dogs are almost as annoying as owners who don't pick up their doggy poo.Not that I have anything against dogs or dog owners. It's just that a bit of owner and doggy ettiquette goes a long way.
We visit this park everyday and enjoy both the even tempered dogs and their friendly owners. I have never seen a dog owner not pick up after their dog and many pick up others' dog poop. The social outlet is great for all.
This park it a dog toilet....
If it isn't sunny here it isn't sunny anywhere in the city.Great park tucked between potrero and the dogpatch that has a dog friendly side and an open side for you to hang, bbq, throw the ball around or just lay down and soak up the sun.It is never that crowded except on the dog side.Not the largest park in the city but super secluded just east of the 280.I like the low key feel and the lack of any real crowd.  Great place to throw a little bbq party and it is likely you will have it all to yourself!
There isn't a lot going on at this park which makes it a good place to let your dog run off leash.  It isn't fenced but the park is large and there isn't much traffic around.  No running water here so bring some for your pooch.I'm giving this park three stars because it could use a few more upgrades (running water, fenced dog run, maybe some kid stuff) and isn't really near anything but if you're a dog lover it is perfect.
this park was redone last year and is a nice spot to hang with your dog. plenty of other pups around. its not officially off leash but most go off leash and the crowd is easy going.lots of lawn, a few picnic tables. a lot of huge redwoods surround the park and are stunning, they also help tp keep the noisse out from the nearby freeway. no playground though so not an ideal place for kids unless you want to hang with the kids and the dogs.
This used to be a fantastic spot to take your dogs. As other Yelpers mentioned, it's safe and friendly to off-leash play (and has been that way for years).But as of today, they are cracking down on the leash laws and ticketing anyone who lets their dog play here. I wrote a letter to the SF Recreation and Parks Department requesting an official off-leash area be set aside in Esprit, but it's going to take everyone banding together. Write letters to SF Recreation and Parks Department / 501 Stanyan St / SF, CA 94117 if you want to do something about it, or if you're lazy, just message me to sign my letter. (How's that for a useful Yelp?)
great park to throw a football around.. lay out.. walk your dog.. or get a lil workout with the cool bars and exercises that surround the small parki def layed out there this wknd
Great dog park for San Francisco. The park has great green space and is very pet friendly. People even donate poop bags and have bottled water for the dogs.
