Located in the heart of the Mission District this Athletic Field was recently renovated in a joint effort between the City of San Francisco's Parks & Recreation Department and the City Fields Foundation.Featuring an artificial turf soccer field and numerous barbeque's, my friend and I witnessed the grandeur of this field upon emerging from Balmy alley. We were able to watch two teams decked out in soccer uniforms engaging in a friendly game of Futbol as their friends and families bbq-ed and watched from the sidelines.This place looks great!!!
San Francisco as small as it is, has a great park and recreational system. Not all parks can be judged equally, but Garfield park is a rich part of the Mission and a great asset to any resident who wants to get out and enjoy the outdoors. Not only do they have superb athletic facilities, they also have a public indoor swimming pool, upgraded playgrounds and BBQ picnic areas. It's also the gathering spot for the Dia De Los Muertos event. After the parade concludes, everyone heads over to Garfield park to check out the massive displays dedicated to the loved ones lost. This is a truly another San Francisco gem that should not be passed up.
This review is for the Garfield Playground. It's a very good playground with sun and shade, sand and non-sand areas. Two play structures, one geared toward bigger kids and one toward little kids. Only have baby swings, which is fine with me because I don't want to push my kids on the swings. Public bathrooms.
This is my SPOT. It used to be a nasty dirt field but thanks to the Gap founders it was re-done and converted to an awesome synthetic turf field. This place always has great pick up soccer games going. I would say the games tend to be split up amongst ethnic lines, but everyone is welcome. They have two half size fields with half sized goals. I feel very much at home here and the guys here are friendly and play a great game of soccer. Whether it's on the weekend or during your weekday lunch you can almost always count on people playing soccer here.
I wish we had access to such nice fields when I was growing up in SF. Garfield is also waaay better than Telegraph Field, which feels like playing on torn-up concrete. Hopefully they will continue to install these beautiful turf fields all over the city. Perhaps somewhere in GG Park!?!
A great place to find a pickup game any weeknight.  There are usually league games all day on Sunday.  The pitch consists of new turf.  You can comfortably wear cleats or turf shoes.The goals are usually locked but that doesn't prevent a bunch of short sided games.  The best time to play is probably around 7pm as the lights stay until 10 or so and the field is occasionally taken up by teams practicing.  Definitely the spot in The Mission for pickup games.
THIS PARK SUCKS!!! Do not go here. It is garbage can, meets homeless shelter, meets AA. I have lived in the Mission for 15 years so I think I know what I'm talking about. I now live 2 blocks from this park and it is NASTY. I've never seen so much garbage in my life. And the drunk, homeless are amazing! If you don't mind your kid walking over passed out drunks on their way to soccer practice, then welcome!I've never seen so much human shit around in all my life. If I could give this park negative star ratings I would. GROSS.
Hella fun. Me and my friends go for the playground. They have a spinny thing that  you can sit on while people spin you around. The tire swing is pretty fun also. Just a fun place to hang out.
