I grew up calling this park Alice Marble - i didn't know the courts have different name than the actual park. Loved this park growing up.But yes - great place to place tennis! And on a good day you can not only see GGBridge, but also the Bay Bridge! 360 degrees!
The park is small and kinda shabby. But it does have great views. And the courts are nicely maintained (better than the rest of the park) and pretty popular with the neighborhood.
Really nice free tennis courts at a great location with a nice view.  We walked from the financial district downtown San Fran and found some great shops and cafe's on the way. We went twice on very nice sunny days and it was never busy.The only thing missing is nearby public bathrooms:)
Ace.For tennis enthusiasts this spot cannot be beat. Court high above the bustle of the city. Views of the Golden Gate Bridge. Serve and score.For everyone else it's a quiet oasis with benches to sit on while enjoying those same views of the our iconic bridge.Score.
Beautiful park with a beautiful view. My husband and I love coming here on a Sunday with our dog to throw the ball for her while we play Yahtzee. Love it here. Also love that it's mainly locals here, and not super busy.
Small park mostly for dogs. But the views are amazing! It's on top of Russian Hill and you can just sit on the bench and watch the Golden Gate bridge.
Have you ever been slightly lost, yet utterly happy, in SF? I have, and that is exactly when I found myself at Sterling Park. My dear friend, and fellow ginger, Ben and I were in a desperate search for the Full House location, which resulted in the two of us hiking up the steepest section of San Fran and stumbling upon this gem of a park.  Filled with dogs, their local owners, youngsters playing basketball, and a startling array of flowers in bloom, what truly bowled us over was the view.  Perfect landscapes of the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, and more continually filled the tiny screens of our iPhones as we scrambled to capture what this tiny park provided us.Legs aching, lungs pleased at the relative lack of humidity and low temperature, and eyes seeking enlightenment, we ventured forth after our jaunt at George Sterling Park refreshed and revitalized in our search for the 'real' SF... and, by golly, we found it! When in SF, go here. You won't regret the views I promise!
How does this place not have more reviews? As Phil H. says, easily "one of the coolest places to play tennis on earth." On a good day, you can see Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge while you practice your backhand. It can get crowded though, and when it is you have to give up your court after one game to let others jump in.There are also basketball courts and the park itself is very dog friendly. There are so benches on the northeast side that give a pretty good view of Fort Mason/Crissy Field/Golden Gate bridge.
Since my first review of this lovely neighborhood park one of the other puppies who was second eldest to my beloved Ruff, Maggie died aged 14 years.  I didn't know Maggie when she was young and full of vinegar but knew she lived well based on her kind spirit and the love and care showered on her by her people.  Good night sweet Maggie, good night.
We visited friends who live on the corkscrew block of Lombard (how cool is that???) and we took the kiddie bikes to the tennis courts, where their and our kids cruised around, while we enjoyed a fantastic view. It wasn't crowded, so nobody minded. Only in San Francisco...
As others before me have said, the views are spectacular. The tennis courts get crowded by around 9am on the weekends (especially on nice sunny days) so if you like your peace while playing you have to get there pretty early. A wonderful location to play tennis!
This is probably one of the coolest places to play tennis on earth.  I'd like to play with the view at Dubai's 321m high Burj Al Arab hotel sure, burj-al-arab.com/tennis but for now Alice Marble's digs yelp.com/biz/79AKV71iLSZ… at George Sterling Park are quite amazing enough.  The surface is nice, clean and newly finished with good fences.  There's a handy concrete wall you can practice on while waiting to play.  There's a really nice separate basketball court with sturdy hoops as well here.  Here's a link to google local's satellite image of the park location local.google.com/local?f…
Are there tennis courts with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge?  Are there tennis courts with a view of Alcatraz?  You bet your sweet ass there are.  Alice Marble Tennis Courts sit atop the George Sterling Park which sits atop a reservoir.  The courts have recently been resurfaced and are now open to the public.  There's a too short practice wall, a basketball court and a dog run, too.  Hot damn!  I love this city.
Wow, what a great place for tennis.  2 doubles, 2 singles, and a hitting wall.  The only drawback is lack of parking, and no lights.  High quality crowd.
