If you take the time to read and watch everything, this museum is worth your time. If you just want to zoom through and quickly look at things, you're going to be done in 5-10 minutes and probably feel unfulfilled.The mini-doc I watched about the Bulldog Baths was excellent, especially since some of the signs and murals they showed in the doc were hanging on the wall right behind the monitor. Harvey Milk's suit, accompanied by a recording of him speaking, is the highlight of the museum for sure.
A limited budget is a strain on any non-profit organization, and that restriction clearly shows in this small museum located in the epicenter of the Castro. This is where such a museum belongs, but the rich tapestry of the GLBT movement feels sorely truncated by the closet-like space and rotating exhibits found here. It's been almost four years since it opened on the same block as Badlands and Harvey's on 18th Street, and I am wondering how long it will be able to keep the space given all the small business closures in the city. At the end of the day, it's a worthwhile stop for anyone who wants to understand the courage and stamina it took to establish and maintain the human rights campaign at the heart of the movement.There are only two rooms constituting the museum, the back one housing the more permanent exhibits including a lightboard highlighting three now-extinct "gayborhoods" in the city (Valencia Street, the Tenderloin and North Beach), queer communities that couldn't sustain themselves (photo: bit.ly/1LrygPj). There's a section that chronicles the painful details of Harvey Milk's assassination as well as some intriguing insight into the hidden same-sex situations that occurred in places like the Japanese-American internment camps. The front room is devoted to rotating art and photo exhibits for the most part. I just wish there was more they could offer for the $5 admission. Otherwise I worry it may slip into oblivion.
Five stars during Womxn's Herstory month! There was a Feminists to Feministas exhibit showcasing posters of Womxn of Color in Solidarity in the late 80's and 90's. There is also an API oral histories exhibit that was multi-generational and had interviews with elders and young adults. The youth movement display was also relevant and of course the regular Harvey Milk collection is a must see. I also appreciated seeing pictures of those who were former military in the early 1900's and the first Latino to ever run for public office in this nation. A small museum and 1.5 hours is more than enough time to see the full collection. Support local art, history and a comprehensive LGBTQIA history. Loved it.
Wonderful museum. The curator (I'm assuming that's his job) sat at the front desk as I walked in and told me about the history of the GLBT Museum and how apparently there are only two in the world, San Francisco and Berlin (weird, right?). Anyway, it was really good! I got to learn a lot about the history of civil rights for Pacific Americans and their struggle to be accepted in the gay community from their family members. It was enlightening and heartbreaking to see the exhibit on Harvey Milk because it was just so real, it felt like it was happening all over again, almost as if I was there.It was nice to see the appropriate history of the start of drag queens as well as the interesting history behind bath houses in not only San Francisco, but America as well. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who is stopping by in the area. The employees are very friendly!
Very interesting museum with great artefacts and stories from the LGBTI community. Small space but has interesting artefacts such as Harvey Milks assassination suit and political memorabilia. Has interestingness video stories from influential people in the community and their stories. An important and vital museum that tells a side of history that is severely undocumented and under represented.
I was instantly in tears listening to a recording Harvey Milk made before his death because he was afraid for his safety.... which you can listen to while looking at his actual blood stained suit he was wearing when gunned down at his office, donated by his now-deceased lover.How more real can history get?  That alone was well worth the price of admission. I also enjoyed the bath house art that was saved before a famous bathhouse was closed mid-'80s, the "leather David" sculpture, and other memorabilia from San Francisco's pioneering gay and lesbian brothers and sisters throughout the last century.It's modest (a hallway and a single exhibition space).It's affordable ($5 admission).It's for adults (there's some graphic porn imagery here and there).If you slow down and actually read stuff, it packs a wallop.I spent a very satisfying 1/2 hour there.  It really felt like a good start for a museum for my people.
I didn't really know what to expect from a GLBT museum, but I was excited to check it out nonetheless. I have to say I was a bit disappointed in how incredibly small this place is... The exhibits were interesting but I just felt like I was done with the whole place in 10 minutes. I was also hoping to leave with a delightfully gay SF t-shirt to proudly wear in the very conservative Chicago suburbs in which I reside, but I was also disappointed in that department. Oh well. Still, I'm happy to have paid for entry to a museum that is definitely needed and is providing a necessary home for many unique and interesting artifacts of LGBT life throughout the years.
Small museum may not be worth 5 bucks for the more casual visitor but well worth it for those who are more willing to read and dive into the area's rich history. There are some great stories here but I would have a hard time recommending anyone spend more than an hour here.
My girlfriend and I bought a 2-for-1 Groupon to this museum. I will admit that it's a bit small but for a $5 entry fee, I can't complain. There's a vast amount of information about San Francisco and the gay community that I walked out feeling a bit more educated on its history. We spent maybe 30 minutes there.
Please note that I did not actually go into the museum.  My husband and I were visiting SF, and made a long trek to the Castro neighborhood, involving several forms of transportation, as we were really looking forward to visiting.  It was Wednesday 8/12, and the website indicated that the museum would be open until 7pm that day.  Imagine our disappointment, then, when we arrived at 6:10pm, to find that the museum was closed.  Not closing, but completely closed, dark, with nary a human in sight, nor sign of explanation on the door.  I sent an e-mail to them via their website, but it's nearly three weeks later, and I haven't heard a thing.  Too bad.
I was a little disappointed and felt a little deceived. I realize they're working with limited space, but The GLBT History Museum should have shown much more of our history and not just San Francisco history. I was really shocked that nothing was even mentioned about Stonewall or the defeat of Prop. 8.
This was a cool little treasure to find (rather be told to go find). It is decently priced and a little hole in he wall. They have such great information and artifacts. Today was the Castro street fair so it was rather busy and made it hard to fully enjoy. Going in here made me want to watch Milk again. I will recommend people go here if they want some history of the Castro or just like learning new information...
I wanted to like this... it has potential, but needs more space and more engaging content. The Harvey Milk display was good.
I'm not a lesbo, but I support gays all the way. :PDecided to do something else besides EAT in the Castro while we were in the city for our Food Crawl last weekend. I wouldn't really consider this a museum just because it's like walking into someone's small studio apartment with random displays of gay presentations hung up.I didn't really read too many of the displays there but I did check out some of the graphic pictures they had. Yeah, I'm more a visual learner. ;)Not really worth the $10 we spent each, but whatevs. The money went to a good cause.
So this museum is far from perfect, but it's a great step in the right direction and, if for no other reason, visit to give them $5 and help them continue an important mission: educating people on our queer past. As has been said, it's too small and nothing goes very in-depth. About those two things: that it's too small is understandable; it's a new museum! But at the same time, the space is used inefficiently: put more stuff in there until a bigger place can be afforded! Make it more worth $5. Regarding in-depth-ness, on a few important topics there is no excuse for not having more information. Regarding that 20,000 San Franciscans have died of AIDS, there's a tiny little case with hardly any information: what an inexcusable travesty! I rest assured they're working on something greater. All of what I've mentioned is to be understood regarding a brand new museum. The only real complaint I have is regarding the person manning the desk. He brought his dog to work: what the heck is a dog doing in a museum? The dog was allowed to bark at annoyed patrons and the caretaker just allowed this to happen without constraining the pooch. What on Earth?! Civility and seriousness please. It's a museum.
I had a great experience at this museum, I was not familiar with the depth of the GLBT history and this venue did a great job of putting it together in about 900 sq ft of space.If you have a smart phone you can follow along for free.
The museum was a great glimpse into our past. I would highly recommend taking the time to listen to all the videos and really soak it up.
Well, how do I put this nicely?  I'm thrilled there's an LGBT Museum in the Castro and I'm thrilled there was such a nice man at the door to greet us and I'm even more thrilled there was not a charge on the day we went or I may have been a little peeved, but I really was not impressed on my first visit and I pray the exhibits get better and more attention grabbing.The exhibits change monthly I heard, but the exhibits weren't really exhibits like other museums.  It was kind of like individual history projects with newspaper clippings, old photos and some artifacts from our gay history.  I would have been much happier if I'd been by myself, could have stopped to read all of the news articles, listen to all of the audio presentations and take more notice of some of the other items, but it wasn't like a storyboard trip through a changing exhibit gallery at any other museum where you start out with a moment in history and the storyboards, articles and artifacts carry you on a journey through gay history.  The exhibit jumped around a little bit from the Gay Men's Choir to Harvey Milk, to the first drag queens and rebellion, some info on the first marches in SF, then back to pre-WWII times and then back up to some more modern times.  The most dramatic exhibit was a photo of the Gay Men's Choir after the AIDS epidemic wiped out all but 4-5 people.  The dead were symbolized by men wearing all black while the few remaining Choir members were wearing white or their regular tuxedos.  It was heart wrenching, but a great memorial to those who were out loud and proud, but were no match for the early days of AIDS/HIV.I'm so happy we have this space to chronicle our history, so don't get me wrong...go see the Museum.  I know some of the items may have been on loaner and/or the newspaper exhibit style was what they had to work with in such a limited space, but I really had to fight to stay there with a friend for more than 30 minutes.  I donated to the Museum anyway because we all know the best way to support our community is through community outreach programs, educational programs and money.  This is a good start, but I'm hoping this is just that...a start and it's all better from here.  Good luck my Brothers and Sisters.  We're creative and artistic.  Make it happen!!  Cheers!
The museum was interesting, but I was definitely expecting more. It was just one large room. Thankfully it was a free admission day.  Hopefully it is small beginnings to something bigger and better, but it just didn't live up to my expectations.  Try seeing if there is a free admission day and then go.
Went to the Castro neighborhood while in San Francisco and felt like we should really stop at the GLBT Museum and learn a little bit of history.  A little bit of history is probably a pretty good way to sum it up.  The fee to get in is just $5 which is perfectly good and inexpensive.  No complaints there.  The complaint I'd have is that the museum is really small and really lacking much info.  It is informative and a good place to go and learn a little bit about the struggle of we gays.  I am perfectly cool with the fact that the museum focuses primarily on San Francisco and the goings on there.  My issue is, this is a gay museum in San Francisco and it has enough stuff in it to barely fill one not too big room.  Really?  I would think that with so much history in the city there should be a far more extensive collection.  It seemed to barely even cover much of anything.  it hints at things but is in depth on nothing.  Here is some Harvey Milk swag and that's about it on that.  Here is a mention of AIDS and it's initial impact and that's it...  Maybe it is just that this is a newish place and hasn't had a chance to make money and expand itself, but it just seems like there should be SO much more.   I think we learned as much about gay history in SF at the Beat Museum...  For $5, if you are in the Castro, stop buy.  If for no other reason than to give them money and help them build their collection up.  But it's not something I'd consider a must see or something to go out of your way to stop at.
Nice but small museum in the center of San Francisco's Castro District. Interesting history and information on gays and lesbians. It's $5 admission (free on the first Wednesday of each month). Certainly a unique type of gallery or museum; the type that you probably won't find anywhere else. Parking on the street is often difficult to find, so you might be better off taking mass transit or walking to the GLBT Museum.
San Francisco soon will welcome yet another groundbreaking queer institution: The GLBT History Museum. A project of the GLBT Historical Society, an archives and research center established in 1985, the new museum will have its formal grand opening on Jan. 13, 2011; between Dec. 10, 2010, and Jan. 12, 2011, the exhibitions will be open for limited public previews.Located at 4127 18th St. in San Francisco's Castro neighborhood, the museum includes 1,600 square feet of gallery and program space built to the specifications of the Historical Society. Funding has come from Levi's, the City of San Francisco, Castro district merchants, and numerous other sponsors and individual donors.The museum will feature two debut exhibitions: In the main gallery, "Our Vast Queer Past: Celebrating San Francisco's GLBT History," and in the front gallery, "Great Collections of the GLBT Historical Society Archives." The museum also will offer public programs--talks by historians, panel discussions, film showings and author readings.Admission is $5.00 for the general public; free for members of the GLBT Historical Society and free to all visitors the first Wednesday of every month thanks to a sponsorship by the Bob Ross Foundation. (Note that the GLBT Historical Society has moved all of its exhibitions and public programs to the new museum; the society's archival collections and reading room for researchers will remain at 657 Mission St., Suite 300, San Francisco.)
GLBT History Museum is fairly new so I had to check it out.  It's FREE on the First Wed of the Month so I saved $5, you can donate money if you want too.It's a small museum, lots of stuff to read & some items to look at.  Textile, drag clothes, jewelry, sex toys, bar life matchbooks.  Some old TV news to watch & audio recordings to listen to.It might be interesting to some, it wasn't my interest.  It's in the Castro & not far from Kasa Indian Eatery where we had lunch.Hrs:Wed-Sat 11-7Sun 12-5Admission $5; FREE First Wed of the MonthWebsite:glbthistory.org/museum
It is fantastic that San Francisco is home to the country's first GLBT museum. It is a proud accomplishment for a group whose issues are often underrepresented in contemporary museums around the world. It is such a shame, however, that the content of this museum is rather embarrassingly awful and barely illuminating of any issue, let alone GLBT history.The museum visibly bears the scars of design by committee. Rather than focus on the arch of GLBT history in this country or even this city, the museum is divided into small display cases that house themed vignettes and papers from the museum's collection. In politest language, these themes are esoteric: a display on a gay Japanese-American man who was interned sits next to a window about sexuality among lesbians of color. It is clear that the GLBT History Museum wanted to include every group possible, but in so doing, sacrificed any sense of narrative or continuity. The few items in their collection that stand out are barely referenced, an embarrassing oversight. A pamphlet published from what looks like the mid-1970s with information about the legality of sodomy in different states is presented without commentary. What a fantastic opportunity to discuss the criminalization of gay sex that was only finally struck down in 2003. Instead, the museum puts this amazing relic next to any number of other detritus of fifty years of gay life in America. This shows that the editorial and curatorial control is so weak that very little actual history is presented.The museum's collection is mostly papers from decades gone by. Please do not infer from this that the museum's curators have sought out unique and rare artefacts full of history and importance. Instead. some of the various displays include a whole wall of gay bar advertising from the 1970s; letters received by a gay lobbyist from the same epoch; two, sad looking lockers from what we are to presume is a former gay bathhouse (surely a proud moment in gay history if there ever was one!); a sad looking drag queen dress; and a festive shelf of dildos of all colors. There are also multiple photographs of a black woman in a suit who the viewer is left to assume played some role, somewhere, at sometime in GLBT History. If you can see a through line to any of these things beyond the fact that they are all gay, please do let me know, because I sure cannot.In what is perhaps the museum's worst failing, the two pantsuits worn by the first gay couple to be legally wed in California are featured prominently in the museum's vestibule. There is a placard that explains the garments' provenance, which is presented without commentary. There is nary a word about the battle that those two women had to endure to be the first couple married in California; nor the ongoing fight for equality here in this state. In fact, the whole museum avoids discussing history for the sake of keepsakes, trinkets, and leftovers.The entire museum feels like the leftover bin at a garage sale. The collection is so random as to confuse the issue of gay history. Someday there will be a great museum on GLBT History, hopefully in a place of pride on the Mall in Washington. Contrarily, this museum of history avoids history as though it were a dirty word. Shame.
Interesting collection on an important subject. Nice array of artifacts that relate to a broad demographic of GLBT peeps. It was touching to see older historical material, from a time before there was as much acceptance as there is now, because it reminds one that things have changed for the better and offers hope that acceptance can continue to grow. Very nice volunteers. Reasonable price. Group rate if your party has 6 or more people!Caveat re: the "Sex Toys: Implementing Erotic Expression" display:  there is nothing shocking about the display, but  if you are easily flustered or if you care about who you are standing next to while gazing at phalluses, just know that it is in the back corner of the museum.
OK, five stars because it's the first GLBT history museum in the country, if I'm not wrong. Well, this place is small (kinda like your average American living room), but, for all the size queens out there reading this: it's the "motion of the ocean" that counts, not the size of the ship ;) It is certainly true for this establishment too! Me and my 'hags' were visiting Castro on our SF trip and the girls, being more into the GLBT stuff than I am, wanted to go to this place like crazy. But, I actually also was quite interested to accompany them and check it out myself. Now, I'm not a museum person at all (unless it's something unique like aviation, science, Jewish history etc. Can't stand art museums!), but despite its size, this place actually covers A LOT! From early rejection letters of gay people to schools and private clubs to information about riots to feminist GLBT movements etc. Plus, it's $5! And, these days, you're lucky if you get a glass of tap water for that price! I'm really happy we had the opportunity to check this out! p.s. BUY A T-SHIRT from the museum people! It's soo cool! I get compliments on mine all the time and it's a good conversation starter since most people don't know about this GLBT Museum at all. Plus you'd support the cause and this cute establishment.
This is the first LGBTQ history museum that has opened in the United States. It is small, and still obviously in the works to make it a better space, but I think the $5 that it costs for you to see it is pretty cheap and it is amazing to see real pieces of Harvey Milk's campaign, some of the first dildoes and vibrators invented, and some of the first gay sexual health pamphlets. If you like historical things or LGBTQ thing, this may be the first stop on your world tour of history for the queer community.The people are nice and the space is well arranged for the first exhibition/space they have. PLUS Phillis Lyon went to the grand opening (one of the first lesbian activists who was married to her parter Del Martin here in California when it was legalized briefly) and Brittney Spears stopped by the museum a few weekends ago. Why wouldn't you go where Brittney went?! Lol.Open Wed.- Sat. 11am-7pm and Sun. 12pm-5pm.
Stopping in here was one of better choices I made while in San Francisco.  It's $5 and there is a donation box if want to chip in a few more box which I did.  I got to see a table owned and other items owned by Harvey Milk which was pretty cool.  Like any good museum it has things that you'd never believe existed unless you were staring at it,  the oldest pieces are really incredible to see.  I especially found the bathhouse stuff interesting and fun, two bucks went a long way apparently.  I think the Castro is the perfect spot to jam pack queer history into one large room.
Very nice, just too small...
This is the first LGBT museum that has opened in the United States. It's really small, but very succinct in the way they deliver their information. I was fascinated with the various exhibits. The volunteers are super friendly, and I left feeling like a more appreciated member of the LGBT community. All of their merchandise goes towards various LGBT causes and supporting the museum. I can't wait to come back when they expand.
It was an OK experience -- perhaps the Asian Art Museum set the bar incredibly high? I agree with others in that the museum does feel like it was designed and executed by committee. I was a bit disappointed that there was an exhibit on sex toys. With the entire history of the LGBT community to display... dildos? I have to believe there are more important topics to discuss.
My partner and I were so pleased to have the opportunity to attend the SF GLBT history museum.  We had been to the museum at it's temporary space a couple years ago, so we were pleased that the exhibit had changed entirely.  As you enter the space you are greeted by Harvey Milk's dining room table and personal bullhorn! Further in were fascinated by the life of a Japanese American gay man that had been interred during World War 2. Point being there was material I had never thought of instead of the usual rehash of gay events that have become so famous, that they don't quite require the illumination of fogrotten transgendered performers and the lives of people of color. According to the docent they will change the exhibit every six to eight months so we look forward to seeing something new on our annual trek to mecca!
Mega-kudos to this place for resurrecting a history that countless numbers of homophones have spent decades and centuries trying to destroy. A must-see for people visiting San Francisco, and shame on you if you live here and have never stopped by to have a look.
