Bring a towel if you are bringing a dog. Your dog will get very dirty. I was elated when I found a beach towel in my trunk after our hike as I was struggling to figure out how I was going to get a muddy dog back home.Benji was extremely happy with the outing. He climbed hills, sniffed lots of other doggies, and rolled around in the mud. There were many other happy pups enjoying their morning walk.Glen Canyon Park is truly a sanctuary in the City. We'll have to go back soon to explore another part of the park.
Wow, what a great escape from the hustle and bustle from the city! This place has beautiful views, nice trails, friendly people, and fun rocks to scramble. It's so great to have a place to take a little hike within the city. That said, you can definitely hear the cars and see the houses in a lot of places, so you'll be aware that you're still in the city. There are tons of dogs here and the owners let them off the leashes. Makes me really wish I had a dog to walk in this park!We will definitely be back!
Green oasis in the middle of the city. Good amount of trails for wandering. Trees, grass, flowers, woods, ahhh... I am at peace again. Come here to get away from the city rush. Feeling hungry? Walk up to Safeway shopping center, toward Glen Park, etc.
This park is right in my backyard and I never explored it! Sigh...anyways, better late than never! It was sooo gorgeous today and the hike was nice. I put in a solid 2.5 hours of hiking here with no stops and I think I was able to explore all the trails. I was able to challenge myself with some uphill hikes and then took it easy with some moderate ones, so it was a good mix. My legs are a bit sore now, but the view was beautiful. The spring flowers are out, the sun is out and it's just too beautiful. Definitely coming back with more friends this time! :)
POISONING THE PARK - "I went for a walk this morning in Glen Canyon and found signs posted that the San Francisco Parks Dept has sprayed Glyphosate - aka Monsanto's Roundup around Glen Canyon Park - specifically in the area where the Dandelion Preschool and the Glenridge Coop Nursery School operate. Glyphosate has recently been classified by the WHO as a "probable carcinogen" and has been linked to autism, alzheimer's and other chronic illness:scientificamerican.com/a…... articles.mercola.com/sit…...What on earth? Why is the SF Parks Dept doing this and endangering our health, when they could easily employ people to hand-pull weeds or weedwack. This particular area where the photo was taken is covered by a deep layer of mulch / bark and has no greenery growing out of it for a very long time - no weeds, no saplings, nothing. There is absolutely no good reason to spray Roundup here. I can't believe this."They sprayed on 9-30.Please consider writing to supervisors/mayor/Commission on the Environment/whoever else and complaining about it individually.
A nice little break from the rest of The City.  If you want to walk the entire perimeter of the park, it's a little over a mile with multiple trails and paths, you can choose how little or how much elevation change you want to do.  Not crowded, even on weekends.  A few people strolling here and there, folks walking dogs and the like.  The major street nearby is high enough above the park every except for the southernmost part that you really do get a break from city noise.It's also a good place if you're interested in ID'ing California plant life.  I'd start out with the poison oak so you learn to keep your mitts off :-)  There are a number of CA edibles in the park too, including berries, stinging nettle, and cat tails.  I didn't poke around too much, but there's probably a lot more than that.  It being a park, and an urban park at that -- I wouldn't bother the plants, much less eat them.  They have been spraying Round Up in certain park areas.Also: red tail hawks, coyotes, and other critters.
I've lived in Glen Park since the summaaaa and I just recently visited this beauty. The 44 stops right off Bosworth and Elk which is around the corner. Great place for kids to play baseball, bike along the pavement, and an even better place to run. Go behind the building at the entrance which will lead you to the canyon. I have nothing to back me up when i say this but once you start running within the canyon it is much cooler than it is compared to when you're on Bosworth and Monterey Blvd. This place is also great for BBQ's.
I use to love taking my dog here, but in this drought, foxtails are everywhere.  For those of you who have dogs and don't know, foxtails are very dangerous to a dog.   I had to take my dog to the vet because he had a foxtail wedged in between his toes and it got infected.  After over $1000 in vet bills and a surgery, he's back to normal, but he go lucky as the foxtail didn't travel.   My vet informed me that it has been a bad year for dogs and foxtails and that she saw about 7-10 cases a week which is a lot.  A dog can sniff one up and if not detected can travel into your dog's head and cause serious problems.  Same goes with the leg as there has been reported cases of one entering a dogs paw and traveling up a dogs leg, destroying tissue as it does.   The side of the mountains of this place are nothing but foxtails.   We need rain!
This is predominantly a review for the climbing here.In terms of access to nature, we're pretty spoiled in the bay area.  This holds true for access to climbing spots as well: a bunch of options within 2-3 hours of the city.  Despite this, I had a healthy amount of skepticism for bouldering *in* the city. I recently moved to the Glen Park area and finally decided to check it out yesterday.. We parked around the Diamond Heights safeway, walked down the north side of the canyon for about 5 min, and came upon "Glen Park Rock Band". Super easy and straightforward to find.  A bunch of great lines including the famed "Glen Park Traverse" that you can make as easy or hard as you want.  There's also a really cool looking longer roof route. We didn't bring a rope though so didn't try it -- it looked like there used to be bolts on the line? Bring a rope and slings if you want to try the try the roof. Also the rock is sharp so dress accordingly! Or mentally prepare yourself for some scrapes.  I did a sort of beached whale topout on the smaller boulder and tore a hole in my pant knee!.
Dog friendly! Great hiking/walking area! There are many different trails to follow, and they vary in difficulty. You can find lots of different plants and animals here and the trails are well defined. Park at Safeway, and enter through Christopher Playground or through the Rec Center at Bosworth/ Elk st.
This place is a little known treasure in SF. I only discovered it after reading "Cool Gray City of Love," and it convinced me to make a mini trip out here. It's a deep canyon with a lot of hiking trails. Nice place to explore, especially if you are looking for a new park to explore in the city!
What's not to like about this amazing natural canyon of wilderness with a creek right in the middle of SF! Truly a hidden secret that will give you a dose of the remote mountains within a 10 min walk from the Bart station!
Nice escape from the urban decay that has become San Francisco. I feel slightly less disenfranchised here.
Here's a nice little neighborhood park. The softball field's perfect for letting your pups run (not that it's allowed, mind you). Our Dec '13 visit saw the playground and tennis courts in full renovation mode. Looks like summer will be fun there.If it's a busy weekend and you don't have the energy to fight the crowds at Golden Gate Park, this could work for a short walk and letting your dogs unleash their inner Digby. Also makes for a great frisbee field.Just 10 minutes away you can be at Twin Peaks if conditions are right for panoramic view. 'Course, you were here to avoid the crowds, right? In that case, (try out Tank Hill ...ssshh).
Our very own Grand Canyon within city limits!  such beautiful wide open spaces and the California poppy in bloom!  Gorgeous, picnic areas, walking trails, etc.
Outstanding views, hidden canyons and big boulders perfect for climbing.We've stumbled upon this "secret" park on a warm Sunday afternoon, while picking up supplies at Safeway.  Wondering why everybody kept disppearing into the woods, we followed suit.If you're coming from Diamond Heights area, you need to go behind Safeway, past the softball field to access the roughly marked trail.  Once you descend the wooden steps, this whole scene before you unfolds:  narrow trails meant for one person at a time, with pretty views of the surrounding neighborhood and a gradual drop off into the canyon below. You can also access the trails near the Glen Park BART station, by O'Shaughnessy blvd. and enter through Marietta drive. Stay on the gravel path until you pass by the dynamite factory (long closed to the public) and continue on to the wooden path, easily accessible by wheelchair users as well, if only for a short distance.  You are shaded by the Eucalyptus trees and sounds of slow running water from Islais creek will make you think, "wow, am I still in the city?" Watch out for Forktail damselflies, Red Tail hawks, field mice and snakes. I like that this park is mostly used by locals -- runners, dog walkers and rock climbers -- there is much more breathing space when you're hiking and can fully enjoy the quietness around you.
Can't believe how short a hike it was to get here and I haven't visited until today! Hard to believe this peaceful warren exists with roads and houses so close. Actually like it better than Golden Gate; a lot more low key. The smell of earth is intoxicating. Won't be my last trip.
Glen Canyon Park is a little canyon  tucked in a residential neighborhoods. A delight for walking with your dog and nature enthusiasts. Dogs can be off leash except near the children's school. Hard to believe this little gem is hidden in the middle of the city where you can climb boulders. We are from out of town so we headed over to Mt. Davidson afterward since it was close by.
I've been a fan of Glen Canyon Park since I was in grade school, when we used to play our softball games on the same field we now play the Battle of the Bay Softball games.You can say that I chose this place based on nostaligia, but it's really the location that made us adopt the field this past year as Team West Bay's Home Field. It's tucked into the Canyon, free from wind gusts and private. We potluck, BBQ and enjoy the surroundings of the park about three times a year. Less busy than the other fields, I can ensure that if we have a date in mind, the field will be available. They also have restroom facilities open on the weekend for your guests. Also very important. It's close to Bart and many Muni bus lines, making this game easily accessible. They also have street parking available most of the time. The field is close to the street, so your guests can't get too lost looking for it. For all of these reasons, Glen Park Canyon is an ideal place for a Softball Game and other events.
This is one of my favorite places to go for walks because it is so beautiful and serene. I love how everyone I come across on my walks are so happy. Its just one of those places that truly brightens your day. If you haven't checked this place out, you definitely should. There is something for everyone and you won't be disappointed!
I'm definitely coming back to hike more in depth, but walking up Elk which becomes Diamond Heights today.. and then on into the very outer perimeter of Glen Canyon... this is a great great place to hike. It's simply a nature nest, far away from the hustle and bustle, and is quiet enough to be hidden, and never populated enough to annoy. There were dogs fetching, peeps playing soccer on this warm afternoon. Public bathrooms inside, and head on the trail. You will absolutely love coming here.PS A little windfall for you, if you get too tired after the outdoor jaunt: there's a Safeway just north of the park, situated in a complex with take-out dimsum, as well as quick order Japanese take-out =)
A great place to get lost for a bit.
A muddy escape from the city right in the middle of it all. Don't bother wearing clean clothes. The dog loves it here. After playing in the mud, she always manages to jump up and leave dirty paw prints on our clothing.
This is a great park that was big surprise to us and we dropped in on a whim. For those who don't know SF very well, this park just pops up out of the urban landscape. It was very comfortable and had a nice children's playground. The rec center has pretty decent restrooms for kids. We had a picnic lunch on the benches. Parking was a little crazy. There's plenty of free street parking all around. You might need to walk a few blocks but it's pleasant. We only stayed in the area around the playground but we are definitely going to make a trip back and explore the hiking paths on the other side of the park. Lots to do and it's all FREE.
Lost in you.With Dusky: youtube.com/watch?v=gv8R…At Glen Canyon Park: Serene, expansive, beautiful, quiet and captivating city gem.Found myself taking left turns and right turns and more left turns as I explored every path and hill. Surprised I'm not still out there wandering.Which would not have been a a bad thing. Not at all.
Great park nestled in one of SF's more residential neighborhoods. My favorite was sitting at the bench at the tippity top and watching the fog just roll in. Lovely.
I am an SF wannabe, venturing in from the East Bay and I always love checking out the various 'hoods. Took BART to the Glen Park station and walked up the hill to Diamond Heights and then to in to the park through that side. More expansive than you'd think, lots of little trails, cool rock formations and ahhh the smell of the eucalyptus grove. Would totally spend lots of time here if I lived in the city (waaah.) Saw the signs for the coyotes but didn't get to catch a glimpse, but could imagine then being there standing up on one the hills peering down. Just another reason to love SF.
Gayle and I took BART to Glen Park last Sunday so that we could walk around the neighbourhood and enjoy a nice hike together up the Canyon. I lived in the City about 20 years ago and only discovered this large and scenic park only a few years ago. As it turned out, it was a great little explore and exercise excursion, and one that we would love to do more often. It's also a fun place to bring the dog.The Park offers an experience of San Francisco's diverse terrains as they appeared before the intense development of the region in the late 19th and the 20th Centuries. The park incorporates free-flowing Islais Creek and the associated riparian habitat, an extensive grassland with adjoining trees that supports aviary breeding, striking rock outcrops, and arid patches covered by "coastal scrub" plant communities. Elevations in Glen Canyon Park range from approximately 225 feet (above sea level) at the south end of the park to 575 feet at the north end and along the east rim of the canyon.Formal recreational facilities in Glen Canyon Park are mostly located at its southern end. These facilities include a community recreation center, ball fields and tennis courts, and playgrounds. The park is also well-used by local rock climbers. A lonely looking building about halfway up the canyon near Islais Creek serves as....?The park is easily entered at its southeastern corner (we walked to the end of Chenery Street). Somewhat further north, there is a wooden stairway leading down into the park (the Sussex Street entrance). There are also trails leading into the park from the Diamond Heights Shopping Center. Gayle and I also noticed that it was warm in the Canyon, while it was cool below in the Glen Park business district, and cold and foggy "upstairs" on Portola. We were also surprised as we walked back down along O'Shaughnessy on how much elevation we had climbed, as the hike up was so gradual that it almost seemed flat.
I come to this little oasis in the city often. It's both beautiful and surprising in the sense that it exists in this urban environment. You can hike or rock climb. Or, you can just hang out on the rocks and enjoy the views or smells (lots of wild fennel). There will be moments when you'll forget that you are living in a large city. I used to bring my German Shephard here--she loved it. Some advice: 1.  Park in the Diamond Heights Safeway parking lot and enter the canyon that way. You'll walk through a small playground area first before the earth opens up--it's a nice visual! 2.  Observe the signs that are posted regarding the fact that there is a family of coyotes that live there. It's true. You might see them. Stay away. I just saw them this week. (Oct. 15, 2010) 3.  Wear hiking shoes.  The climbs and hikes are not that difficult but there are some precarious paths amid the top portion of rocks.
Glen Canyon is the best dog "park" in my 'hood.  It is a wide open expanse of stunning terrain that features many of nature's best elements right in the heart of Glen Park: boulders, hills, grassy flatland, plant life, gorgeous trees, dogs, crisp air, forest, walking paths, a sublime creek, and even coyotes decorate this august, city-protected gem.  My dog adores exploring in Glen Canyon, and it's no wonder why.  I love San Francisco for having so many of nature's finest parks available for all to enjoy.
Where else can you go to get your clothes covered in mud and muck to the point where someone might think you had motor oil thrown on you?  That's how I relate to Glen Canyon Park.Let me explain.  As a volunteer for One Brick and the San Francisco Rec and Parks Department Natural Areas Program I've had the pleasure of spending a few weekend mornings with other environmentally-conscious volunteers in helping to clear overgrown brush and weeds from a couple of the natural creeks which run through this beautiful urban City park.  This work allows the water in the creek to flow more naturally instead of sitting stagnant at some point in the creek.  The work aids reproduction of the flies and insects that help to nurture the unique grasses and flora that are found in this park.  It gets downright dirty scooping debris out of the creek channels, but take a walk along the trails and the footbridges of this park and you'll appreciate the work.Glen Canyon Park is one of my favorite parks in the City.  Not heavily used by the general public this park gives me the sense of being somewhere a lot further away than the City.  The trails are usually pretty isolated used mostly by dog walkers who live in the neighborhood and bird watchers out looking for some of the unique species of birds who nest in the park.  On my most recent visit I learned of the rare yellow-flowered grass that grows in one of the natural marshes and was reminded of enjoying the subtle beauty of the glistening leaves of the poison oak from a distance.  With the aid of other volunteers I spotted an owl for the first time perched high atop a tree near the trailhead and witnessed a gopher running circles around my feet.
I lived by this park and would have never found it until one day we were taking a featured stairway hike in a stairways of San Francisco book, and found it. The stairway hike pointed out the large collection of boulders used for rock climbing practise and then I discovered this whole LA style canyon right behind it. What a view.The hike through the canyon is like heaven for dogs. Hills, streams, flowers, nature stuff that stinks that you can roll around in. For the humans, the hikes are not strenous, but you could work off a nice brunch you had before in Glen Park.
Peaceful park. With a very good strolling vibe. There are many children by the field and playground, and old progressive yuppie types, so if you don't like that sort of thing then maybe your experience won't be as good as mine. However I think it's a great spot to stroll around in and relax.
I love urban oasis like this.  You can be in the Safeway self checkout line one minute and lost in the woods facing a coyote not 10 minutes later.  While not the best park for a run, it's perfect for a hour or so city hike when you just need some nice nature time.  I recommend starting on the south end near the playground (tip: there is a bathroom in there you can use), making your way past the riparian zone (look it up), then wondering down the trail near the crazy houses propped up on stilts.  If you hang a left on that path, you can really feel lost in the dense thicket.  Scavenger hunt project: find the tire swing!On your way back south, take a break on the chert cliffs and take in the view.  Have a sandwich, contemplate life, then walk on out of the park and grab a gallon of milk and some laundry detergent back at Safeway.  A true urban adventure!
This place has been (and will always be, for as long as I can afford to live in this neighborhood) my place of respite. That feeling of being away and in the midst of nature but in reality you're only a few blocks from hipster world, this is it for me.
Is there such a thing as an undeveloped park in this city of 800,000 people?  Well, Glen Canyon Park is not totally undeveloped, but it's close.It's certainly inconvenient.  Hidden away off the main roads, little parking.  Within walking distance of a BART station.  There is an old gym at the entrance.  But keep walking, and soon you forget that you're in the middle of San Francisco.  Basically, except for the gym, it's just hiking trails through a forest in a canyon.  Because of its inconvenient location, not too many people use the park, and that's part of its charm.  Good for a date;  it feels romantic, and you can find a hidden place to make out and not worry about being discovered ;-)  Your dog would like it too.Interested so far?  Then you'll love it.  Not good for a company picnic or volleyball tournament.  But good for a slow, relaxing romp.
It's sorta top secret. Serene, nice not-overly-manicured trails.
Drove here from Cupertino yesterday with the wife to check out the bouldering. We got parking right away (thankfully) and did the short walk up to the boulders. It was a much smaller park than we were used to (Peninsula + Santa Cruz) but this was a great little gem in the City. We saw some very large lizards (~12" +) and what looked like a couple coyote dens.Since we don't usually hike in the City we were not prepared for the somewhat cold/ windy weather. The bouldering was pretty small but fun. Lots of joggers and dogs on and off-leash. Lots of little kids with their families - so you know it's not too strenuous. We pretty much stayed by the upper park but it was a good experience. Only limited to 4 stars as it was pretty small and our whole adventure was over far faster than I'd have hoped.
All I have to say is" WHO KNEW?"A close friend brought me here for a surpise hike one foggy afternoon. A stunning playground for any amateur or professional photographer. We had a great hike with gorgeous views. The fog made it mysterious and magical. And to think I had never been here, after 25 years! Check it out but let's keep it a secret kay? ;)
Beautiful. Expansive (relatively). Hidden. Meditative.
We play pickup baseball on weekends at this park and it's great. There's usually plenty of parking and it's close to our house.
There is a cool hiking path through the canyon for walking (dogs or people), but if you have a pup that ranges pretty far from you it can be hard to see where your pooch is. Also I think technically dogs are supposed to be leashed (unless I read the signs wrong), but it seems people are pretty laid back about it; no one yelled at me and most of the dogs were off leash. If Darwin was better at sticking right with me I might go back, but alas he must chase the birds. I'll stick to Douglass for now.
Ah, how I miss Glen Canyon Park!  It's not exactly a destination - if you have wheels, you're likely to find more scenic & challenging routes.  However, if you are in the neighborhood for a brunch or to dog sit for a traveling friend, it's definitely worth seeking out. The little trails & rocks take you into a deep canyon teeming with wildlife - if you look up - you see houses all around but it's quiet and beautiful inside the park.  On a windy day, it's usually still and warm in the canyon.
My roommate and I found this by mistake while taking a walk in the rain. Once I walked in, I would never have guessed that I was in a city. People walk their dogs and go for quiet walks. This place is my zen center. Could not recommend it more!
This park is a Canyon. The small, big formations of rocks are not just for appreciation, yet we can climb on top of it for a grand view of the park and valley.  The seasonal wildflowers are everywhere. One volunteer created a little garden by the pond,  for its description and name of each plant and each flower is educational., a work of love is simply wonderful.Be watchful while walking and enjoying the scenery, not just there are snakes on the ground which might not be easy to spot, you may probably miss a few Great Horned Owls, oh besides coyotes!
Silly me for not frequenting this place. Its practically spitting distance from my place. It's a true urban escape...you can almost get lost in the craggy cliffs and grass and tall, majestic trees.Good for: dogs, runs, hikes, a bit of rock climbing. I wish there were more trails...a lot of them end up in private residences. Still, A-ok and worth checking out.
This place is okay for hiking.  The bottom of the canyon near the Bosworth entrance is pretty beautiful with all the tree shades, and at that point it's a mellow walk.  The uphill climb gets pretty rocky.  On top of that, the various trail intersections can cause confusion since there are so signposts or such.  I was trying to find my way up to the back side of Safeway at the Diamond Heights Shopping Center (as described in another reviewer's posting) but gave up because of such unmarked trail intersections.
Here's what the NAP [i.e the Significant Natural Resource Area Management Plan, or SNRAMP] plans: In San Francisco Parks:Chop down almost 18,500 healthy eucalyptus trees: (Sharp Park 15,000; Mt. Davidson 1,600; McLaren Park 809; Glen Canyon Park 120; Golden Gate Park Oak Woodland 84; Interior Greenbelt 140; Lake Merced 134) Contact the Mayor or Supervisors in San Francisco to Oppose the cutting of these beautiful trees and preserve these park areas.
I used to take my kids there frequently when I lived in SF. My then 4 year old boy LOVED it because there was a legend of "robbers caves" from the old days that we had read about in a newspaper article. We searched and searched, trip after trip and one day we found them, really. They are high up on the left side of the canyon about halfway into the park stating from the Glen Park entrance and heading up the creek. I spotted them with binoculars. They are not so easy to see, at least back when I was searching. They are not limestone caves but rock caves formed by huge boulders, kinda like Pinnacles Park. They required a bit of climbing through thorny brush but it was worth it. Some beer cans and grafiitti showed that we were not the first to rediscover the robbers caves since the 1860s. My little boy was off the hook excited. After many searches, we had finally found the fabled "robbers caves".  When he wasn't looking I tossed a few coins into a cave area a bit tight for me but easily accessible by him. He was a pretty savvy little guy so I didn't lead him. He eventually found them and was thrilled. Buried treasure! A childhood dream realized.The park has a scenic small creek running through it . I saw no fish, not even mosquito fish,  but it has aquatic life in it. I saw salamanders, frogs, and some gorgeous blue dragonflies hovering around. There are wild blackberries growing in certain areas and you can eat your way along a trail in the early  fall. They are almost certainly "organic" as nobody tends them with anything. Thank goodness for Glen Park, a real hidden SF treasure. It so easily could have ended up as a housing development.
This is a fantastic getaway hike in the city, with plenty of dramatic views of the canyon. To see the views, go to the entrance near the Diamond Heights Safeway, just past the ball field. Just wander down and check out the vista of the canyon and Miraloma Park in the background.  The other entrance is down by Glen Park.  It's worth checking out!
I love Glen Canyon, it is so surreal and gorgeous.  It kind of makes me want to move to San Francisco, all by itself.
I play on the tennis courts at this park a few times a month.  Courts are old and a little dusty but in okay condition.
Glen Canyon Park is a jewel hidden in the middle of San Francisco. How did I not make it here after 3 years? The trails, though few, are some of the best I've been to in all of California. I simply couldn't believe I was still in San Francisco as I hiked down into the canyon.
I just can't figure out if this is where I'd want to be in a damned earthquake.On the plus side it's away from lots of things so that is good, but on the downside it's just way downhill (steep hills) from a lot of other things on both sides of me.  Things like big rocks, houses on stilts, warbly hill hikers with no grappling hooks, and the occasional goat.  Still the stroll is worth the excursionary risk.  Up through the deceptively grassy calm entrance from the GP 'hood, then into The Wilds, then finally upon the rocky breach that stands above all ... I am just fascinated that yes, we have a Canyon(ette) here in SF too and it's all our very own.And for me, a personal delight is finishing up with a walk past the HS football field where, Bad News Bears-style, the score always manages to ring double-naughts for "Home".  I can dig that.  After all there were many math-centered civilizations that couldn't invent the zero so that means this is a double win for my town.
I had no idea that this park existed till a few months ago.  You can't see it from surface streets and that's what I like about it.  To access the main area, you need to descend down a steep dirt path that you'll find by walking through Christopher Playground.  You get a lovely view of the canyon during the descent.  Running along the trail, if you stay on the right, you'll reach an area with baseball fields, a decrepit looking co-op nursery school, and so forth.  The trees provide shade.  The left hand side is less interesting  and more exposed.  Climb up to the large rocks for a better view.  The rocks have some nice succulents and dense patches of lichen.It's not the best place for a run unless you go very early in the morning.  The dirt paths are very narrow at times and with so many people there with their dogs, that you have to stop to let them pass by.  However, if you have a dog, you will love this place.  Park in the Safeway lot.
This was a completely random find for me seeing that my family dog is the one that lead me to it from the safeway parking lot! After giving into her tugging...I entered a grove of trees and emerged atop the most unexpected canyon full of purple and yellow wildflowers and the most gorgeous rock formations. It is absolutely my new favorite dog friendly hiking path in the city. The dogs and owners are all super nice and friendly here, and it's definitely not as crowded as Fort Funston. I've already taken Zoey back a couple times. It usually takes me a little over an hour to go from top to bottom and up again..that's with a lot of straggling and playing. Wear comfy shoes and prepare to pick thorns inbetween your dog's paws if you let them wander off the path.
No Doubt Glen Canyon PArk is one of the prettiest and unique places of all San Francisco Open Spaces.However as a stickler for details -  I find it also to be a prime example of the 'Lack of Cohesive Vison' that makes up our beloved City Master Plan as it relates to our Parks and Open Spaces........ The trails of the Canyon are of horrible design because they have been allowed to form via a poorly chosen tact known as 'Social Trails'.  Trails that are merely established by free ranging the land and with no fore thought of use of the land or  human user groups.Try taking a young child for a walk on any  Glen Canyon trail other than the fire road up the bottom and you will be holding them up with your arms as there feet continue to roll off the uneven, steep, decaying trails.I am not very happy with the recent work made to the canyon, as it appears to have been done at the wrong time of year  ( too dry, no rain to compact soil),  They spread themselves to thin therefore finishing not one of the tasks they started, and now are leaving it in a state of confusion for months while they figure out the next step.I will repeat that I think Glen Canyon is  very special and amazing -  I just think it could and should be better for everyone, with inclusive access and  a real plan on how to make it sustainable and beneficial to the whole community.The trails as they exist are an eyesore and a prime example of poor land management by any qualified observer.
For ppl like me, who doesn't do much outdoor activities, and lazy to drive too far from the city, this is good place to go. Walking through the trail was the best part. The first time I was there, I felt like I was in a movie looking for a secret land or something. Its very peaceful, I enjoy it very much. This secret path has really motivated me to do more outdoor exercise. The only thing I dont like is ppl off leash their dogs. They should have some consideration for ppl who are scared or dislike of dogs, even though their dogs might not be aggressive.
Came here for a suburban hike with the Mrs. and lo and behold what we saw would soon become the the topic of conversation the following business day. You know how you always see signs at all the parks warning of all the different wild animals you might see? Like down in the peninsula, and some parts of the east bay, they warn of mountain lions, or rattlesnakes or what have you, but rarely if ever have I ever seen one the aforementioned critters. That was not the case Saturday March 6th, oh no sirree Bob. We walk into the park and they are signs that clearly state Coyotes have been seen in the park but I being somewhat of a pessimist pay no heed to warning. After all Coyotes are elusive creatures and what is the chance that a coyote is going to sit up on top of a rock and yelp for a half hour? Well turns out the chances were pretty good that day as we were walking along the trail we heard what sounded like a dog yelping and then howling, I didn't think to much of it at the time and evenly joking said to the wife "that's a coyote" and then laughed out loud as I just thought it was a dog that was uber excited by the plethora of playmates running excited and not bound by any fences or leashes. Of contraire mo fraire! We come out and continue the hike a little up this hill and sure enough perched on a rock about 50 yards up looking down upon all the excitement was "Wiley Coyote" hooting and hollering and obviously howling because of the fact that the Roadrunner had once again thwarted his attempts. Images of the Coyote howling in complaint to his defunct acme rocket had my imagination going into and out of an animated reality that I experienced as a kid on Saturday mornings in front of the boob tube watching "Looney Tunes" Needless to say it was cool to see the coyote to say the least. I am at the office right now and forgot to bring the photos but they will be posted this evening or tomorrow. Anyway I was really happy to find this park and really happy to catch a glimpse of the first coyote I have ever seen that was not in a zoo. We will be back for sure.
After 9 years living in SF, I thought I'd been on or, heck, at least heard of most of the urban hikes within city limits. Who knew then, that just one BART stop south from my home near 24th St Mission Station there was a rambling, lush little nature spot.One BART stop north is the less beautiful 16th Street part of the Mission. A world of difference.Bonus, you can eat brunch or lunch at one of Glen Park's great little restaurants, well worth the eats.Warning: The parks department is either lacking in funds or initiative (or both) so there's poison oak everywhere.
Glen Canyon Park is a very big place, there's this Ropes Course. I've also came here for Rock Climbing sessions as well. I enjoy coming here specifically for Rock Climbing!
We stumbled on this park in passing, thinking it was just an open field and some trails for dogs, however, once we passed the city rec center/playground/fields part, I felt like Alice walking through into another dimension.How does this place even exist? Blink twice and you would never know its there, but once you cross the threshold, its as if time and space folded onto itself to create a place that is much larger than you would expect, complete with all kinds of vegetation. On one side: rolling hills with yellowish dry grass. On the other, lush forests with fallen over trees, little overgrown shady patches of foliage carving out secret hideaways, wild blackberries, and a trickling stream. Past this is another day camp-like building and some picnic tables (another access point into the park), and then past this, rocks jut out from nowhere creating bizarre craggy rock formations that you can climb (the rocks were clearly marked with chalk so I'm assuming that people come here to practice climbing or bouldering), or if you are like us, a great place to sneak away, have a picnic, and enjoy the view.While I love the public parks in the city, some are just too overcrowded  with dogs and people and kids and families holding birthday parties. It's not that I mind that, but Glen Park Canyon is a great place to go when you want to feel rejuvinated by nature, and dont feel like driving across the bridge to Marin.  It's rarely ever crowded, and even if you see people, its easy to tuck yourself away.Note: I wouldn't suggest this as an ideal place to go trail running, although I guess it could be done. It's more of a place to go on a nice mini-hike on a warm Sunday afternoon.
I didn't know that we were going on an adventure!I thought we were just taking the dogs out for a walk.Who knew that my shoes with no tread and my big heavy white purse would get in the way of climbing through the mud to a poet's corner.  Next time I come this way, I'm going to prepare.  Know that I'm actually out for a hike, not just a leisurely stroll.Up the rocks, under trees, through brush, past the fresh black berries, and over the bridge, it felt like I had driven miles and miles to get out of the city.  But that wasn't the case.  It was just Glen Park.  I mean, I still had my coffee cup in hand from Cafe Bello.  So unprepared.Brody and friends had a blast.  So much exploring to do, and so much napping to do when they got home.This will be a destination spot to keep the pup happy for sure.The coolest part?  30 people were playing a game of capture the flag in the canyon.  The four of us who were walking kept messing with them.  "Olly olly oxen free!"  "Hey!!  There is a guy on the red team right behind you!!" Pete yelled.  There is always a red team isn't there?  Can I play next time?
Total gem here in the city! I had heard a lot of hoopla about his place. Middle of the week not many dogs or peeps - but the scenery was fantastic. It's a great find in the city  - for sure! I just checked out a couple of the easy trails - seems there is much more to explore!oh yeah - Sammi dug it too!
This is the way to spend a Sunday:Get up late-ish and then go have a hearty brunch with a friend... then head over to Glen Park Canyon w/a group of friends and go on a hike... this hike should involve laughing and Arby's and brie and olive tapanade and chocolate and wine... And, maybe a little gossip and trash talking... And, of course it should involve having to climb down a mountain in order to find a place to pee that isn't someone's back yard... it should also involve being the "king of the sewer - I mean world!!!"  And, impromptu karaoke (WE'RE MOOOTTTRRRIIIINNNN' WHAT'S YOUR PRICE FOR FLIGHT - FINDING MR. RIGHT - WE'LL BE ALLLL RRRRRIIIIGGGGHHHHTTTT TOOONIIIGGGHHHT!) And, perhaps denials of drunken behavior from past outings.It should involve all those things.This is a nice park - the trails are well marked and it's scenic - it's hella fun with the right group of people...
Such a hidden gem!  This place is fantastic!Not only is a good spot for a real "get away from it all" hike, smack in the middle of the ciy, but it's also a totally-off-leash dog park!  There are a bunch of different trails throughout the canyon, but it's also a place for a completely managable 30-60 minute walk/hike.
Are we really in the city still? Wait...are you sure this isn't LA? Aren't THEY supposed to be famous for their canyons?Thanks to my roommate Talia for leading us down to this AWESOME place. I'll be back to the canyon & the neighborhood soon.
William Lyon Phelps once said "The happiest people are those who think the most interesting thoughts. Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good company, good conversation, are the happiest people in the world. And they are not only happy in themselves, they are the cause of happiness in others."Well, I would have to agree. I came here for some leisure time with such people and we took a step away from city life to go on a urban hike in this hilly beautiful park. We enjoyed;Good conversation - If a bit of gossip and scandal are good conversation then I would even go so far as to say ours was GREAT!Good music - Well, maybe not good music by the time we butchered it with our singing. Ummm, okay, maybe Total Eclipse of the Heart and Downtown and Sister Christian are questionably good to begin with....whatever. Details!Good Books - Okay, fine, no we didn't. But how is one supposed to read and hike at the same time anyway? Duh.Good Pictures - We took some good pictures, does that count?Good Food - Sure, its not in the quote but, damn it, it deserves mention because it was yummy....fruit, crackers, wine, cheese, tapanade, chocolate, Arbys...wait Arbys? Yes....hello, Ed M was there!!Good Company - Yes, most importantly I got to share this hike through this canyon with a few of my favorite yelpers and had the opportunity to get to know some new ones, as well. A fine park and a fine day indeed! Good ol' William wasn't wrong about leisure and happiness. *smile*
Beautiful place, with some great trails down the hillside. It's better with walking shoes, but my friend wearing open sandals did okay. Her kids, who went off the trails, didn't. They got really nasty poison oak for a couple of weeks after. I've also heard that a coyote is denning there, so if you have dogs, especially small dogs, be careful. If it gets too close to the den it's unsafe.
if you wanna read about the great city hiking or the dog friendliness of this place then move on, but if you wanna hear about some goats, then i'm your gal. if you really wanna see my lips make the motion and my vocal chords vibrate forming the words, "woo hoo" then show me a herd of goats. seriously, there's video of me having a tried and true spaz attack as i was so excited when encountering some this past summer up north. anyallgoats, every once and a while they bring in a herd of goats to eat up all the dead brush to eliminate fires and that's just flat out cool. by doing this, they protect the environment in a way that doesn't destroy the environment and it is a great chance for city kids to see what goats do best, which is eat. yeah, they pretty much just eat and make "ehhh-ehehehe" sounds. but hey, i've had days like that too. note that this is definitely not the time to walk your friend's two pit mixes in the canyon off leash, so pay attention to the signs they post, they kinda like really mean it. other notes: there's a child care facility in the middle of it, so be sure to leash your dog while going through it; you wouldn't want to make a child cry because your dog snapped up their hot dog would you? it truly is a park that you're so supposed to leash your dog in, so don't be offended if a jogger or someone else roaming around asks you to leash your dog, especially if they're a cop type figure. lots of people say that it really is only good for about an hour, but heck, bring a picnic lunch and hike up to one of the boulders on the north side and veg out up there in the sun. keep it clean! just because you aren't the one that threw the cigarette butt down on the ground doesn't mean you can't pick it up. note that it is glen park; just because it is sunny in the mission doesn't mean it will be sunny there. and lastly, seriously, don't feed the animals; if you wanna feed an animal i'm sure PAWS or the SPCA could use some donations.
Glen Park Canyon is one of the city's hidden gems. It's surprising how few people know about this oasis in the city or take advantage of it. I myself certainly did not know it existed until my children started going to pre-school there. Yes, there is a co-op pre-school right smack in the middle of the canyon. In the summer it's where the city runs Silver Tree camp. Since cars aren't allowed, everyday, rain or shine, we had to hike in. People have already written about the the breathtaking views and abundance of flora and fauna. But there are some things that a casual visitor could easily overlook. First off, owls. I think they've been identified as great horned owls. Even someone with no interest in birds would find it thrilling to see great big owls sitting four in a row on a branch less than fifty feet from you.  The owls usually hang out in the trees by the trail closest to O'Shaunessy Blvd. I haven't been back since the Fall, but I hear there are now baby owls. So, as you start down the path behind the rec center, look into the gloom the the trees overhead to the left and you should see them. Better yet, just ask any toddler walking by. And you might feel silly 'who-ing' like an owl, but they'll answer you back!Birds less elusive and more numerous in the canyon are red-tailed hawks. You can usually see them circling lazily overhead, looking for their next meal, or resting on the branches of eucalyptus trees. One day we were lucky enough to see a hawk swoop down and catch a rodent and fly off with it's prize.If you rather look down as you walk, there are banana slugs that usually hang out under the leaves by the trail. Some of them are quite huge and they seem to be present all year round. There are also all sorts of snakes. They like to sun themselves on the path, so be careful where you step, though I don't think any of them are poisonous. If you want to take a bit of nature back with you, you can always find a caterpillar. Children find it fascinating to watch a caterpillar form a cocoon, then come out a butterfly. Just be sure to give the caterpillar fresh leaves everyday and provide a stick or something for it to attach it's chrysalis.  The canyon used to have huge bushes and thickets of blackberry bushes. Some of them has been cut back for the park service to replant native plants. You can find them along the trails still and if you forget to bring food, they make a nice snack if you don't mind a few scratches.And if you find yourself on the trail towards Diamond Blvd, go all the way to the top. There is a very nice community garden up there.The only reason I took a star off was because of  irresponsible dog owners. Some still do not pick up their dog's poop though there are several plastic bag stations. Some also do not bother to train their dogs yet allow them to run around off-leash. A dangerous situation when you mix in little kids. I've seen dogs barrel full speed down a narrow a trail with steep drop on one side and knock kids down while the owner was far behind around a bend. However, I have to say, most dog walkers at the canyon are regulars and look after their dogs when they know school is starting or letting out.
a perfect gem of green in the heart of the city. You would never know you are in the city.  Take a few hours to wander the canyon, oak trails, and rocky slopes and you will be revived and emerge revived and refreshed.  The park is only about one mile by 2 blocks large,  but it feels much larger than that with the depth of the canyon.Probably 3 miles of trails, and lots of birds you don't see other parts of San Francisco.  The boulders are lots of fun to climb as well.  I've  ever seen folk with crash pads.
Perhaps the best place in the middle of a city to walk your dogs on EARTH!  Roll out of bed sleepy headed, get a coffee and take whatever dogs who are currently on your watch for a (short, if you are fat and lazy like me) morning hike here.  It is so fun!  And if you're like me (fat and lazy, as established in the last sentence), you are close to all sorts of delicious places in glen park to go for breakfast delights.  I once had a foster dog who was fascinated with all manner of flying birds, especially the big guys, like crows and hawks.  We would come here for a walks and he would sit down and stare at the sky...tracking hawks.  i've never seen anything like it.  He actually got me interested in a little recreational birding, which lasted for about a week when I decided that birding was ten minutes ago and I took up knitting.  To this day, I've never knitted so much as a cozy.  Also, what the fuck is a cozy?
This is a cool park. It's a bit small, but it's such a good place to unwind. There's a brooke that runs along one of the trails. I like that many of the trails take you to parts of the park that gives you a great view of the park, and the southern part of SF. I also like that one of the trails leads you to another small park, and near that small park there are restaurants where you can dine.
It's actually "Glen Canyon Park," folks. Anyway, how can you review a park on Yelp? Seems kind of weird to me. Yet I'm doing it.I'm lucky to live mere blocks away from this peaceful stretch of nature in the middle -- well, the lower part -- of the city. I'm unlucky in that I can't let my dog run around off-leash on the grass and the paths and the sides of the canyon, but we can at least skirt the edges. (How I wish that I didn't have to vigilantly watch for people with off-leash dogs who don't have voice control over their canines.)The parks has lots of different kinds of areas, from a sports field to a recreation center to trails along a stream to trails on the side of the canyon. Birds chirping and flying around, even red-tailed hawks. Lots of different kinds of plants and vines and trees and bushes. Blackberries at the right time of year. Yay!
I was running along the cliff in Glen Canyon this morning when I saw a beautiful coyote. He was looking down into the canyon as if surveying his kingdom. He was a noble animal.This place is a refuge from the traffic-clogged streets of the city. I love the towering eucalyptus trees. And you can get great views of the fog rolling over Twin Peaks when you follow the paths up from the valley floor to the edges of the canyon. A place of solitude that is not to be missed.
Before I sought out GPC, I associated Glen Park with waiting 30 minutes for a BART train at 10pm while wearing damp clothes (don't ask).  Good thing that correlation is fading.When it comes to patches of green amidst urbanity, the touristy Golden Gate Park takes the spotlight.  However, you can bet your bottom dollar that the more hardcore nature lover or hiker would prefer to wander around Glen Park Canyon.  Surprisingly lush hiking trails, striking vistas, and an occluded, serene atmosphere make you forget that you're in the middle of a City.I can't wait to return.
It's a park.  It's a canyon ...with many trails, some of them quite steep.  Wear your old beater shoes as it can get a bit messy.  Watch out for coyotes.
i love being out door, cepally in a forest-like environment like glen canyon park. i first came here only recently (like last year?) for a class i was taking when we were learning about nature and stuff.but this place is amazing for a quick hike or a nice run. there are many great spots for great views. there's this one shop, you can see almost the entire first half of the glen canyon park when you climb up this dirt path and climb onto a set of rocks. it's just a great view that allows you to clear your mind and think about stuff. i do think that there are some wild animals here.. so watch out lol, other then that its a great hidden gem in the middle of san francisco! plus, after ur done hiking or w/e you can go to the local resturants at glen canyon park bart station next to diamond height and get something to eat
very nice but it was cold
