Golden Gate National Recreation Area is one of the most vast National Parks, going as far south as San Francisco's Fort Mason, and as far north as Pt. Reyes Station. Pt. Reyes National Seashore is part of it. It encompasses the Earthquake Trail, Drake's Beach, the iconic lighthouse, Tomales Bay and Bolinas Lagoon, along with the Marin headlands. It's a geologically fascinating place as the San Andreas Fault forms the Olema Valley of the Pt. Reyes Peninsula. There's plenty of hiking. A spectacular urban/rural setting.
Not much to see alas. We did the loop around the Marin headlands. I can't say it was disappointing, since the thick fog and excess of tourists was entirely predictable for June, as well as the stiff wind. Still, some glimpses of Land's End and other parts of the Peninsula. Perhaps a repeat later in the year would be worthwhile.
More beautiful than if a Claude Monet painting and a Pablo Picasso masterpiece slept together, to spawn some interpicture baby portrait. Really breathtaking.Closing out my reviews of San Francisco is the gorgeous Golden Gate National Recreation Area. After great meal, figured I'd say goodbye to this amazing city by checking out some historical landmarks. Driving over the Golden Gate Bridge, checking out the high mountain points in the Recreation Area and the Full House house. (Oh that crazy Tanner family)As great as it was to see where the Tanner's fictionally lived, this was the most amazing thing to see on my trip. Once you drive up the hill for awhile, you can start hiking up. Went up a bit and got to see some amazing views of everything. It was an unbelievable view of the entire city. Nice way to peace out and say goodbye.Thank you San Francisco, for such an wonderful time!
I experienced the golden gate bridge. The Golden Gate Bridge did have some beautiful scenery  around the Bridge it was nice and cool but the thing that I really didn't like traffic  and I hate the toll roads they  charge you to use the bridge they say they use that money to remodel street and the bridge. I have not seen that bridge remodeled  since it  was built so where is all that money going too. And it doesn't take all that money to do repairs to that bridge there's a lot of people that drive through that bridge  in a daily basis Bridge looks like s*** streets in San Francisco are all f***** up horrible ugly city. And that's my opinion
Go take a stroll around Golden Gate! It is such a large park, and there's so many things to see! We stumbled upon an Angler fishing club as well as small bison area! Also, the man made lake is pretty cool. Overall, great place for a nice tranquil walk. I wish I was in the city more so I could run a few miles around it!
Great trails to hike, run and bike on, you just need to try them out and see what you like best! Tourist traffic can be problematic but it is worth figuring that out. This is a gorgeous area, even when the fog rolls in and cools things down or limits the views. If you get outside the fog, you can see it dance over the hills and that is beautiful to watch.
What a cool natural place right outside of San Francisco! This National Recreation area is located not far from San Francisco. In fact, one of the borders is just right outside the Golden Gate Bridge and it spans all the way up to part of Point Reyes! It's huge and just driving the whole length can take about 1 hour, part of it is because the roads can get really windy and you cannot drive all that fast. We drove through this, but didn't have time to really make many stops as we spent most of the day at Point Reyes and were on a schedule to get into town. The only point we stopped at was Point Vista (you can read my review on that for more info). The drive throughout is beautiful and you feel like you are in another world. There are lots of trails to take, and so many beaches to stop at along the way. The famous John Muir woods is also here and it has it's own visitor center as well. I'm not sure if you have to pay for parking, but I didn't notice anything about fees. This area is huge and spans through a few cities and there are small towns in between too. They are very cute. Who knew you could practically travel to another world without going far away at all!! The views are gorgeous! The pacific is so beautiful! There are many places you can pull out to look at the scenery, so please do that if you are driving! Don't try to look as you drive because that is VERY dangerous! I wish we had more time to stop at the many beaches and to do some hikes. Next time!! I will be back! When going through this, I think it's best to take your time, hike, and enjoy the sights!
Better views of the Golden Gate from this angle. This place great and I'd make it a stop everytime I visit if time allows. A couple of things to keep in mind. - its free which means it's packed. - the drive up could be scary for those not accustomed to driving on a two lane road with such huge changes of grade. - it gets packed but don't be discouraged. You get great views right away which is probably why most stop at the first lot they see but parking could be difficult in those areas. - The true beauty is reaching the top. Its also where there's a tunnel to view the beach side of the area. There's also a single one way lane road to drive down to Black Sand beach and the lighthouse. Once you've gone that far you could just jump on the local streets to get to your next destination.
I absolutely loved Golden Gate National Rec Area. I can't imagine it gets much more beautiful than this! The hike to Point Bonita Lighthouse was great as well! So amazing!
The GGNRA is the best part of the SF Bay Area. The views are outstanding, and you can't believe that you are seeing such beauty. From the bridges to the Headlands, it's all filled with hiking trails, photo ops, and adventure.
My heart belongs in San Francisco and this place is one of the reasons why.  There are few cities in the world with such close proximity to nature and the wild.  It never fails to mesmerize and one can truly get lost and meander the day away enjoying the vistas and sights.  The majesty of this place cannot be understated, there's so much to explore and it never becomes unexciting.  If I'm ever lacking motivation with my photography, I come to this place to gain inspiration because this place is one of the most photogenic places on earth.
Gorgeous views
There is no other place like this in the US. Most of it is FREE (except for Alcatraz). GGNRA is a flurry of parks to see starting south of SF to the Marin Headlands. You can be in SF and 15 min drive to Marin you're in wilderness. I don't know of any city that combines urban living within being in the redwoods. The views are heaven on earth.
GGNRA...GOGA...or Golden Gate National Recreation Area is epic! This park is made up of many...Alcatraz, Muir Woods, Marin Headlands, Crissy Field, The Presidio, Fort Point, Lands End, Milagra Ridge, Mori Point, Rancho Corral del Tierra, Bolinas Ridge, Fort Mason, Ocean Beach, Stinson Beach, Olema Valley, Tennessee Valley, Fort Miley, Sutro Heights, Fort Funston, and now Golden Gate Bridge...and there's probably even MORE places!All of them are awesome and all of them protect special places in San Francisco and the United States history and also offers swimming, hiking, biking, accessible trails, birdwatching, swimming, surfing, tidepooling, tours, talks, visitor centers, shopping, boat rides, and much more.  No less than 5 stars! You can certainly find something you'll enjoy in Golden Gate.
One of the things I love most about San Francisco is the proximity of the wild place. Few other large cities have this much nature so close to urban.Its 6:30 AM and 20 minutes from the city center - Point Bonita. Now I'm standing on the edge of a cliff overlooking the ocean and surrounded by rutting dear (1 doe and 4 bucks fighting, eating, watching, living) - phenomenal. One daybreak hour of wind, cliffs, surf, deer, birds, conifer and eucalyptus. Soul food.
I love SF.The views are amazing regardless of where you are in the GG National Recreation Area, and even under less than ideal weather conditions (even fog, which cloaks everything in chilly dreaminess).  Make sure you explore both sides of the bridge!  I especially like the views you get of GGB and the city from the Marin headlands.  And definitely check it out at different hours of the day and night-- seeing GGB aglow with commuter headlights with SF glittering in the background is just magical.Love love love!
Excellent vistas, even with fog. You know you're at the right spot when you see a row of amateur artists reproducing the view on canvas.More interesting than the view, for me, was the Nike missile installation. Very enthusiastic veterans from when the site was active are at each attraction, offering quite biased color commentary on those durn Reds and how "we" got 'em dead to rights with our missiles.Seriously though, really nice volunteers offer tons of interesting data on the installation from obvious to very technical detail. Riding the missile elevator was fun, and a surprising benefit; how someone hasn't pinched their finger and sued the exhibit into being off-limits I don't know, but I'm so glad they haven't!Good thing these weapons were never deployed. They're where they belong: disarmed and on display as a reminder of how stupid humanity can be.
Why San Francisco is one of the greatest cities in the entire country.  I never feel like I need to "get out of the city" because you can get out of the city w/o actually ever leaving.  One of the best things of this place, and makes me wonder if there's another place that can even come close to it.
THIS is why I love where I live.There's a reason why the GG bridge and surrounding trails/views make for the 2nd most visited spot in CA.If I ever hear someone complaining of the weather, I remind them of the obvious - we are so spoiled.Get out there and enjoy people.  Stop reading this and head over.
GGNRA covers a large region from near the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco thru Muir Woods. It might even cover near Point Reyes but I can't be sure. Definitely a lot of great places for sighseeing, hiking, or relaxing in a car looking towards a scenic view.
Who doesn't love a day at the GGNRA?  Just one of the most beautiful places on earth!
Hummm......Nike Missiles.My better half once wanted to take a romantic drive through the Golden Gate Nat. Rec. area. After stopping and sighing at the beautiful picture postcard view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the city, we meander dreamily along the winding road past the Pt. Bonita Lighthouse, old cement military bunkers and continue on towards the Marin Headlands. We see a sign for a Nike Missile Site and see what looks like an elevator silo. Wtf. Not that I have a thing for weapons of mass destruction, but I do have a curiosity for such things when these types of things are pretty much in our own back yard. Closed down only in 1979, it is now open for tours. This was just one site of 280 in the US. Kinda creepy but still interesting in that cold war sort of way. Oh, the Marin Headlands area is very pretty. Like David said, this place is humongous.nps.gov/goga/nike-missil…
Apparently this is among the hot spots for tourists to enjoy...but I feel like I was one of the only of my friends to have visited here. Talk about a untrodden San Francisco gem by many of us urbanites!  We only have to go over the bridge ppl!My friends and I used to rent bikes from Blazing Saddles and sail through the trails here for multiple hours.  Point blank: It's gorgeous and you've got great weather.  There is nothing better to do on a early spring or fall day but come over here - by youself, a friend, or with a man-friend.  I don't believe it's "legal" to drink adult beverages here...but woah, I just love admiring the view of the Golden Gate drinkin' a few glasses of wine.  Just don't tell my mom. or the po-lice.
This is HUGE, people!  It covers Fort Funston, Ocean Beach, the Presidio and Fort Mason, and miles of coastline and mountains in Marin County.  I love all of it!  I've given to the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy.  It's tax deductible, and I'm supporting my local trees.  Plus I got a cool black sweatshirt with Mount Tamalpais on the front!  I love walks on the beach, MY beach.  Watching hang gliders and exploring the gun batteries.  Hiking up mountains.  Looking in all the dark corners at Fort Point.  Watching the waves crash and spray over my head on the breakwaters.  Looking at the amazing view of Golden Gate Bridge from Baker's Beach.  All the fine parties and fairs at the docks in Fort Mason.  Teaching classes in the warehouses.  Driving around the hills in the Presidio, looking at all the old architecture.  Admiring the new architecture down at the Letterman Center.  Staring in amazement at the lagoon which used to be the land we would sit on to watch the fireworks.  Watching outdoor movies on summer nights in the Marin Headlands.  I could go on about this forever.
This is quite simply one of the most beautiful places in the country. It never fails to amaze me to drive out of the city, across the bridge and have this beautiful parkland. Most people who are visiting just drive up to the first parking area and then turn around. You're missing all the fun! Get out of your car! Take a little hike, there are more great views just around the corner. Even on busy weekends, the hiking trails are never crowded. Keep your eyes open: the last time we were there, a coyote walked right in front of us.Love it, love it, love it. I'd be there right now if I could!
I was in the Fort Mason part of this park. I always seem to visit here sometime when I am in the city. Nice place to just relax. Plenty of grassy rolling small hills that overlook part of the bay to just kick back on. I have never seen it too crowded that you are being bothered by the people trowing balls and things for their dogs. The air here is fresh and clean off the bay. Love that smell of the saltwater coming off the bay.
The largest urban national park in the world.The #2 most visited travel destination spot in California, after Disneyland. (The Golden Gate Bridge is part of that stat)Windmills, archery ranges, lakes, bison, free concerts, gorilla runs, SO MUCH MORE... I could prattle and ramble on until I was blue in the face, and you were blue in the bum.Go out and explore your city....
Absolutely awesome.  I have lived in California all my life and I can't get enough...well worth the drive from Orange County each time.
There are so many great and unique things about GGNRA - the Presidio in San Francisco, the rugged Marin Headlands, the miles of conserved countryside, Point Reyes, Fort Cronkite and the Headlands Center for the Arts, Marine Mammal Rescue Center etc - fabulous etc.But at this point I want to review a true oddity: Nike Missile Battery SF-88!  It is a preserved battery of "Nike," nuclear tipped anti-aircraft missiles (disarmed of course), which you can visit while you listen to helpful explanations given by the now elderly veterans of that nuclear arm - scrapped in the early 70s. Have fun poking around a classified facility that would have cost you your life just a few decades ago. It is one of a series of Nike batteries that were scattered all around the Bay Area and coastal cities of the U.S., each holding about a dozen missiles, radar and maintenance facilities - all under extreme high security. In spite of being widespread, it was a system that remained almost completely unknown to the public. Or, as one of the vets said rather brusquely - knowledge was on a "need to know basis" and since they were there to defend the bay's once extensive roster of military bases and not the "general public" - I guess the general public didn't need to know! That's the cold war right there!  It is especially worthwhile to come meet the vets on the 1st Saturday of the month - some of them are on the salty, cranky side - but compared to complete nuclear annihilation, I think it's an entertaining way of learning about the cold war! Go Battery SF-88!!
What  really want to do is give both a 1 and a 5. I obviously love our outdoor parkland. So much so that I'm planning to have my wedding there in a few weeks. However, despite having filed my application there for a permit 6 months ago, we still have not gotten one. I have followed up once a month every month since then and each time I'm told it will be "a few weeks."So now who knows if I have a wedding ceremony site or not. I really just want to be able to celebrate the city I love. San Francisco, why do you have to make our relationship so high-maintenance sometimes?
this is the gateaway place for me besides point reyes and sweeney ridge.tamalpais, muir woods, stinton beach, bird island and i can go on and on the list.i would definately try to get to east peak of tamalpais when its kinda foggy at the low land to see the fog coming into the bay. and then get to the west side where we could look at the vast pacific ocean. just park at the parking spot and trek about 15-20 minutes and you would be able to find a good spot for you to enjoy the breathtaking view.
