My boyfriend and I came here while it was mid downpour and we only made it to the Japanese Tea Garden, but we saw glimpses of many other attractions on the way. This park is super big- and I thought Central Park in NYC was big but this park was on a whole new level. Since we only saw the Japanese Tea Garden, I can speak more about that. It was not as big as I expected it to be but there was still plenty to be seen! Right when you walk into the entrance, you have entered a whole new world. They really did a great job capturing all the main aspects of a Japanese tea garden- and you choose to start or finish your trip with a cup of tea and a side dish to pair it with in their tea shop. There was a pretty extensive pond, which house a good number of koi fishes- pretty massive and very impressive in size. Try to go when it's free entry. I gave this 5 stars because I caught it just in time. Honestly, I would've been a little upset if I had to pay the general admission fee.
A walk through Golden Gate Park truly completes any San Fransisco trip. You can literally get lost in this huge maze of parks, museums and gardens (and on a recent ACRONYM trip, luckily our trusty leader Jessica T. navigated the way for us!) Make sure to take some time to visit the individual gardens or one of the in-park museums, but note that although the park itself is free, the museums and gardens are paid admission. However, I highly recommend the Japanese Tea Garden, and they offer free admission when entering the gardens before 10:00am on Mon, Wed, Fri. In addition to this, you can find a tulip garden, Shakespearean garden and botanical garden within walking distance. For museum visits, you'll find the California Academy of Science and the De Young Museum. But if you want to stay outside to enjoy the sites, check out the buffalo, carousal or tennis courts or one of the many green spaces. Plus, you'll find a lovely children's playground on site to help get some wiggles out of your young ones. This is a perfect spot for tourists and locals alike, and with the acreage of the park, it's large enough to get your out of the "big city" mindset and allow you to relax in the beauty of nature.
This review is #1000 for one of the most beautiful and useful parks that I have ever visited! It's functional - people drive, jog, bike, and walk through it.It's picturesque - tourists and residents alike take countless photos here. It's full of historical landmarks such as Francis Scott Key's Memorial and the Dutch and Murphy Windmills! It's useful because it contains the Japanese Tea Garden, the de Young Museum, the Conservatory of Flowers, an archery field, California Academy of Science, and the amphitheater. It's awesome because there are Bison, a tulip garden, a carousel, a rose garden, squirrels, a golf course, and ducks there. People gather together and do Tai chi exercises, have picnics and festivals here. Children learn and get exercise on its grounds.Golden Gate Park has so much variety and so many activities!  There's something for everyone!
I really had a good time coming to the park. We rented some bikes walking distance from the park for 25$ a day. The owners from that bike shop are super cool, nice, and friendly. The park itself has so much to do. You could spend all day there just getting to know the park and the beach that is near by. Having a bike is a must to go all over the park and see everything it has to offer. I like the small hidden trails you can go into. There is a tulip garden next to a windmill that is nice just to sit down and have a snack. On a weekday parking was not bad at all. There is an area where it looks like there might be museums and a Japanese garden (I'm not sure) where they might have bonsai trees and so much more. Make sure you plan an entire day at the park. If you like sushi or Japanese food, you must go to ebisu! So delicious!! It is about a block from the park.  Walk because parking is a pain!
Golden Gate Park is huge, you can easily spend the day here and come back again and again and discover something new.Very clean and well maintained, perfect place to take the kids and get out of the city for a bit.Free parking which is great, tons of room to spread out so it is never really that busy.Great spot while visiting San francisco!
Very cool, very large. Golden Gate Park is a trip by itself. Between the de Young Museum, Academy of Sciences, Japanese Tea Garden, Botanical Garden, Strawberry Hill, the Shakespeare and Rose Gardens, and the Music Concourse, you could probably spend two days and never leave the vicinity of the park.Neatly arranged and loaded with greenery, paths, signage and ball fields, this is the Central Park of the West Coast. It's simply amazing.I lucked out, not having any sort of idea what I was encountering. Instead, I stumbled upon the de Yong, the Bandshell and the Botanical Garden. A more organized organized Yelper probably would have had a better plan of attack. I'll have to do that next time.Well worth a read of the history of this park and how it was converted from dead sand dunes and trash dumps to a lush garden that's a quarter bigger than New York's Central Park.
My journey began on Martin Luther King Dr., right before SF Botanical Gardens.  Uphill, downhill, go left, go right, there are so many options, but if you head Left while walking West, you can find a path or two that leads you away from the streets and into beautiful mother nature.  Be prepared to see Dinosaur tree's that look like they have been Bonanza, and birds making all kinds of ruckus.  A relaxing journey that will lead you to the beach!
What a quiet and serene oasis Golden Gate park is in the middle of a bustling city! This is a great spot to get away from city life and relax. Also, it's big enough that you wont hear the beeps and honks of everyday life on the road. I like GG park because it has the California Academy of the Sciences, de Young Museum, Japanese Tea Garden, Botanical Garden, Strawberry Hill, the Shakespeare and Rose Gardens. I also enjoy wandering through "hippie hill" and listening to the drums and watching the dancing. It's great SF residents have this park to escape to, and it is one of the stops all tourists must make when visiting the city!
Golden Gate park was probably one of the best ways I've ever spent a day in San Francisco. The park is huge and there is about a hundred different things to see and do here. The Middle of the park consists of lots of dog friendly trails that wrap around a lake, and you can even rent row and paddle boats if you're in the mood. Too lazy for physical activity? Well you can sit and relax and feed the ducks then, since there are park benches about every couple hundred yards apart facing the lake.There was even a water fall that you could choose from taking a stone path across the base of to a gazebo, or the stairs that climb beside the sides of the water fall to another trail at the top.You can also find the De Young fine arts museum here which is extremely affordable for the classy type ($10 for general admission and $6 for students) or if you're a free loader like myself, you can just go to the top of the museum which gives off a 360 degree view of the city and park all around, and the best part is it's free to everyone.Just a couple of steps across from the De Young is also the Academy of Science museum. Admission with student ID can still be a little pricey ($30) but it's definitely worth it! Most of the museum is pretty much a giant aquarium, ranging from a large quantity of sea and fresh water fish and marine life, with a few science exhibits at the base of the first floor, and a giant indoor terrarium rainforest that you can go inside and observe free flying birds, butterflies, African leaf cutter ants, and plants. In the center of it all is a pond filled with alligator gar the size of a full grown man just swimming around like "yeah no big deal!" But keep in the mind the indoor terrarium is extremely hot and humid!!At the very roof of the entire academy is an outside deck with a view of the entire park and rooftop ferns. Parking is little bit of pain, but the golden gate park is something that was 100% worth it! I would definitely come back and bring friends with me here, if you haven't been yet, do yourself a big favor and find a day you are free and go.
Beautiful urban park that one can lose themselves in the city and truly take a nature break from the city life.Unlike Presidio, which has its presidential status of proximity to the Golden Gate Bridge, the Golden Gate Park is where many of the culture treasures and natural gems of San Francisco (DeYoung Museum, California Academy of Sciences, Botanical Garden, Japanese Tea Garden) calls home. A stroll in the park is always very quaint and peaceful, the vastness of the acres swallows its visitors with its size granting the space and freedom for one to do anything and everything. Even so, at certain areas of the park, people often come together for a bit of a gathering and feeling of community - the drum circling in the park adds a certain character to the atmosphere, the rhythmic harmony can be heard from faraway and people joins in at random times to do their impromptu dance in the circle. The park spans 3 miles length wide and stretches from Haight to Inner sunset. Always stunningly beautiful and lazying in the sun, a startling contrast with the busy-ness of San Francisco.
Wow. Just wow. The Golden State Park was truly an amazing and well worth it trip. The gardens were very nice, I love how as soon as you walk in, the entire world basically changes around you to accommodate the certain garden you are in. There are just so many different parks inside this one park you can spend an entire day here easily, maybe even a few days! If you go to the De Young museum you can go to the top of the tower and get absolutely beautiful views of the surrounding landscapes and city views. It was a wonderful area to walk around and explore. Between the De Young museum and California Academy of Science is the Music Concourse, it is stunning architecture. The day I went there, they had food trucks behind the concourse, I don't know if they do this regularly or just the day, but it was pretty cool. Also, they had a Twirl and Dip truck nearby, the ice cream was pretty good, check out my review of the truck if you want to know more. If you are visiting San Francisco, I would recommend coming here and strolling through the park. I'm from New York and I honestly can tell you this park is on the same level, if not, more beautiful than Central Park. Very clean!
LOVE Golden Gate Park!You would never have thought that this existed in San Francisco. The trees were beautiful, the paths were cleared, and there's a small pond here somewhere.This is a great place to jog and just go for a walk. Great place to take friends to!
To me the Golden Gate Park is the Central Park of the west with over 1,000 acres of fun.  If you're not a local, one can easily get lost or end up wandering about.  There isn't one main entrance into the park, but  many ways for you to enter.  What gives this park its character are the many museums, lakes, Dutch windmill, carousel, par 3 golf course, playgrounds, archery fields, and many more.I enjoy the museums the best and recommend visiting the following:1) California Academy of Science2) de Young Museum3) Conservatory of Flowers4) Japanese Tea GardenThese museums do offer free days so refer to their website for additional info.Golden Gate Park is also a great place to go for a run or a bicycle ride.  On Sundays and all holidays, JFK drive is closed to vehicles.  This is great as you can run or bike worry free of vehicles.Pro tip: There is a free shuttle service that operates from 9am to 6pm on Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays.  Feel free to use this service to help you get around.
If I can sum this park up in 3 words ---- Huge, beautiful, scenic. There's definitely a lot to see in the park and, for those who are first timers there are maps located throughout the park. For the people who decide to drive her, there are plenty of parking spaces on the road. Unfortunately, we didn't get to explore the entire park, but we did visit the Rose Garden and Kezar Stadium. The Rose Garden was pretty small, but it was free! There were lots of beautiful roses in the garden scattered within a 100 yard area. We were going to visit the Japanese Tea Garden, but realized there was a fee, so decided to skip that. As we drove out, we came upon Kezar Stadium, which was apparently the old home of the San Francisco 49ers and Oakland Raiders. We stopped by and walked around inside, which was pretty neat. There were some people doing crossfit and running. The stadium looked rather small as they destroyed most of the original stadium and left the field there with some bench seating.We only devoted 1 hour to the park, but if anyone plans on visiting, absolutely try to devote  1/2 of a day to the park as there is a lot to see in the park that we missed!
Golden Gate Park is one of the quintessential San Francisco experiences everyone must see. The park is absolutely enormous and is filled with a wide variety of playgrounds, museums, flower displays, parks, tracks, stadiums, you name it. The park stretches all the way from the beach, deep into the city. If you plan on seeing the entire thing, you will need to put aside the better part of the day for it. It truly is a great area to explore. There are numerous workout groups throughout the park during the mornings and afternoon, as well as some rollerskating clinics near Arguello. Strategically placed around the park are a few bicycle rentals, as well as Segway tours. I unfortunately have not participated in either of these, but if you are new in town they may be worth a try. If you are weirded out by homeless people (which you shouldn't be) you should know that they are everywhere in the park. I have come around corners deep within the park and seen some pretty intense make-out sessions, and drug usage occurring on park benches and all over the grassy areas. It's not a big problem, as we are in San Francisco and it should be expected, buy you should be aware that you may see some interesting sights. You could spend an entire day walking around the park, even longer if you hop into the De Young, and the California Academy of Sciences. Take a look around, it is well worth it.
Let's see...3-mile park (an easy 5K for some), huge block of green acres, swamps, waterfall, botanical garden, theater--tell me if I left out anything important.While it was not fun getting lost to make my way to the Golden Gate Bridge, it was--without a doubt--a very unique experience. My kind of "fun" in nature growing up (in NY) revolved around Central Park (which is disgusting in the summer, by the way), so I never understood the meaning of having space in a park. But this park is something special--botanical garden, museums, lakes, golf course--it is full of different experiences and interests for everyone. There's even fishing and boating--it's like a national park in a city.I probably wasted 20% of my phone battery unnecessarily, getting lost and trying to find my way out, when I really should've just wallowed in my surroundings. It can be difficult if you rely on Google Maps to get around, but if you have the time and don't mind getting lost, you will find yourself roaming in a fusion of different worlds one at a time, which is quite an experience. I'm extremely jealous of the locals who live around this park because it is spacious and full of activities and endless scenery!
In the big, bustling city of San Francisco is a quiet piece of paradise. Besides being a beautiful park to just sit and relax at, there's plenty to do and see here.We came to Golden Gate Park to go to the California Academy of Sciences and had the wonderful opportunity of visiting this amazing park. Full of runners, people walking their dogs, and families picnicking, I was surprised that this very busy park was still a lovely place of solitude. Besides the museums (Conservatory of Flowers, De Young Museum, and the California Academy of Sciences), there are amazing gardens (San Francisco Botanical Garden, Japanese Tea Garden), lakes (Stow Lake, Spreckles Lake), and even a few waterfalls. There are also some unique statues throughout the park.On the weekend we were here, there was an art show and the Golden Gate Park Band was performing in the Music Concourse. There are plenty of great walkways and benches everywhere. We also noticed a group people rollerskating to some music as we were exiting the park. The skaters looked like there having so much fun. The trees and plants are really beautiful, and everything is really green and pretty here, With parking found in surrounding neighborhoods during the "car free" weekend, you can spend an entire day exploring this wonderful park. We literally spent half the day here and only saw a small portion of this park. When I later looked at a map of this huge park, I found Stow Lake and those pretty waterfalls. If I get the chance to go back, this will definitely be my first stop here. I look forward to seeing this great park once again!
+++review #1600+++(and my last review for 2015)in keeping with my running theme for every 100th review, this one shall be dedicated to one of my favourite places to run in the bay.....this park was the site of most of my long training runs when i lived in sf for 2 years.  you can get about 7.5 miles by running a loop around the park, which includes jfk and mlk drives, the two main roads that run through the park.  while on this loop, you can see everything that the park has to offer, the conservatory of flowers, the deyoung museum, california academy of sciences, stow lake, the water buffalo, the windmill, and more.  since there's so much to see, it really makes the miles (and time) pass by very quickly.since there is a fair amount of shade, this is great on a warm day, although, sf doesn't get too many very warm days.  if you like hills, there are a few small inclines which will challenge you on your run (for more of a challenge, try some of the hillier neighborhood streets surrounding gg park!) there are water fountains stationed throughout the park, as well as a few bathroom structures.  you can park along jfk and mlk drives for free, for up to 3 hours, or you can park outside of the park and jog here.many of san francisco's notable races take place here, and they include the nike women's half marathon, kaiser permanente half marathon, san francisco full & half marathons, bay to breakers 12k, and the hot chocolate 15k and 5k.  i've done all but the hot chocolate run and have thoroughly enjoyed running through the park each time.this park is open and free to the public and is a wonderful asset in san francisco.  even if you're not looking to run, this is definitely worth checking out on foot so that you can take in some history and culture of this city by the bay.
Living literally two blocks away from this place my whole life, I've always taken it for granted until I moved away for college. Golden Gate Park is pretty huge and it's great for walks or jogging. There are so many paths and this place never gets old! It's great for jogging because of the constant change of scenery, one moment you're running around a lake and within a few minutes later you're running along the bison paddock! There are many attractions within GGP including (but certainly not limited to!) the California Academy of Sciences, Conservatory of Flowers, Japanese Tea Garden that are worth a visit. A really awesome park that removes you from the urban scenery.Parking is typically plentiful save for special events that they hold throughout the year. You can find parking along the streets inside the park as well as along the outer perimeter dividing the park and the surrounding neighborhoods.Definitely a place worth a visit for tourists and locals alike!
Golden Gate Park is one of my favorite places in San Francisco. Although I would imagine this place to be swarming with tourists, the park is so vast that it isn't as crowded (thankfully). There's plenty to see, do, and admire! During my most recent visit, we took some family from out of state to enjoy the scenic landscaping of the park. Our itinerary consisted of:-Japanese Tea Garden ($8 adults, $6 for Child 5-17)-Picnic on top of Strawberry Hill (Cross the bridge and follow the trail)-Admired the waterfall on the other side of Strawberry Hill (Sprinklers might be on so it gets a little muddy)-Pedal boated around Stow Lake for an hour ($35 flat rate for a 6 seater, lots of birds)-Rose Garden (FREE)Apart from the activities listed above, the park also is home to the DeYoung Museum and Cal Academy of Sciences...That being said, there is literally so much to do here. You could spend the whole day. We parked in the garage below the park and I spent $25 for 5 hours...not sure if that's the all-day rate or not, I missed the sign with the prices. But there is free street parking in the surrounding area that you can also look for. I encourage a visit here at least once. Spend a day exploring every crack of the park.
This is the emerald heart of San Francisco. On a nice day expect to see people playing tennis, picnicking, jogging, rowing across little Stow Lake, and horseback riding on broad paths. Take time to stop and smell the roses - no really, their gardens are beautiful. Walk, ride, roller skate through the park. Not into cycling or strolling? Don't pass up this experience take the free shuttle that is available on weekends and major holidays, with stops throughout the park. Plan to stay for at least half the day as there is so much to do in the park. Both locals and tourists rave about the park - it is a must do in San Fran.
Review is for 2015 Aids Walk, which starts at the grassy Sharon Meadows side and pretty much takes an entire loop around the park with the 10 km route.  The event is well run with lots of volunteers and local companies providing support.  This is the second year I walked and it was definitely a fun experience!On a clear and sunny day, you see some pretty amazing sights inside the park - a waterfall, flower gardens, a bison farm, and of course Deyoung museum.  What makes AIDS walk cool are all the various checkpoints throughout - offering free snacks, water, and rest facilities.  Even doggie hydration stations.  In terms of additional entertainment I saw belly dancers, the Cal Band, a Jumbotron, Taiko Drummers, and Filipino Martial Artists.Will look forward to walking again next year!  Maybe Yelp will be a sponsor or have a booth!
Beautiful and Huge Treed Park in the Middle of San Francisco - Perfect for a Relaxing Walk!My mother and I visited Golden Gate Park during the afternoon of July 30th. We walked from the Mosaic Steps to the park. The park is also easily accessible by MUNI bus. Golden Gate Park was beautiful and huge! It was very natural and had a lot of huge trees and lush vegetation. It felt like I was in the middle of a forest instead of in the middle of a city, which was great! We walked through the park to Stow Lake, which was a pretty lake with a hilly island situated in the middle and connected to the mainland in one area. We wandered through some of the paths on the treed island and discovered Huntington Falls, which was a beautiful waterfall. The park was very peaceful and relaxing. After exploring the Stow Lake area, we continued walking throughout the park. There were a variety of attractions and things to do/see within the park as well, which we did not have time to do during this trip. They included the Botanical Gardens, Japanese Tea Gardens, museums, etc. I thoroughly enjoyed wandering around the park and throughout the trails at Stow Lake. This park is perfect for those seeking a relaxing walk in a natural setting. I recommend combining a visit to the park with exploring the nearby Haight-Ashbury neighbourhood.
This park is unbelievable. It's a testament to how much San Franciscans love their city that they continuously fund this gem of a park rather than sell off the property for the untold billions it could get on the real estate market. This park has a science museum, an art museum, a conservatory, a botanical garden, a tea garden, two windmills, a bison field, an archery range, a golf course, an outdoor roller rink, and tons of other stuff. There's a convenient shuttle to move you from one side to the other, which is good because this park is THREE MILES LONG (it's a larger area than Central Park in NY). There are also bike rentals if you don't want to walk. Seriously, this place is amazing. You could spend a whole day here and still not explore the whole thing.
There is something for everyone at Golden Gate Park, whether you are a city person or a nature person, or both! (Hiking trails, lakes, botanical garden, tea garden, conservatory, museums, aquarium, and playgrounds, just to name a few).  A much needed breath of fresh air from the sometimes smelly/stiffing city air.  The first thing that I noticed about this park was that it was HUGEEEE! Unless you have hours to wander around the park, it is best to arrive at the closest park entrance to the part of the park that you are most interested in.  It's almost as if the park was a giant amusement park, full of nature themed attractions! And did I mention the scenery? This park is simply gorgeous! A perfect place for all types of nature appreciators - an avid photographer, a couple on a romantic stroll, a student who wishes to forget the stresses of school by basking in the beautiful scenery, and more.  As a visitor to San Francisco, I felt out of place in the city at first.  However, my visit to Golden Gate Park was just what was needed to start becoming fond of the city. Who can say no to beautiful lakes, peaceful nature, and a galore of attractions all in one place?  It was also the perfect place to people watch, and meet San Francisco locals.  Following my visit, I felt a lot more connected to the city.  I highly recommend this park for all locals and travelers alike!
Huge park with so many options for what to do! Know that the Japanese Tea Garden and Botanical Gardens each cost $8/adult to enter. The DeYoung Museum also has a fee. Stop by the Shakespeare Garden near the entrance for free! It's small but very cool!
Huge park!  Used to visit frequently when I lived in the Bay Area.  I decided to take a drive through this time to find the old columns where we had some wedding pics taken years ago.  Success!  It looked nicer then but still a nice photo op.And bison in San Francisco.  Cool!
This place is amaze-balls.  A huge nature park within the city.  If you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city and just wanna relax, then just take a stroll through this park.  Everything you can think of is here and you could spend all day just walking the expanse of this place.  I love it!
GO. Multiple times. You'll experience a new park every time. If you are visiting the bay, it is worth it to go our of your way, if you have to, to experience this gem.
The park is beautiful!!! I had the pleasure of riding a tandem bike with a friend and it was spectacular. There is a bunch of things to do here, from seeing bison, visiting an old city windmill, visiting the ocean, feeding the ducks, nibbling on blackberries, have a picnic, take a canoe on the lake, and much more. I even saw people chilling in their cars reading. This place is great! So beautiful you have to come see it for yourself!
I've been to Golden Gate Park a few times. This is a huge public park, encompassing over 1,000 acres (approximately 3 miles by 0.5 mile) in northwest San Francisco. There's a bunch of green space, trees, and facilities for indoor and outdoor sports and activities of all sorts including golf, tennis, track and field, polo, archery, football, soccer, baseball, ultimate frisbee, disc golf, and more. There are playgrounds for kids, museums, a concert venue, gardens, a flower conservatory, a botanical garden, multiple lakes, and plenty of paved trails, hills, and scenic views. In a population-dense city like San Francisco, it's hard to ask for more.This is a popular and busy park. One of the main highlights is the Music Concourse. Most first-time visitors to the park probably stop by this area. One reason is because the tourist buses stop here regularly since there are a lot of attractions in the immediate vicinity. They include a fine arts museum (De Young), the California Academy of Sciences, and a five-acre Japanese Tea Garden. The Japanese Tea Garden is the oldest Japanese public garden in the country. Note that even though it's public, there is an admission fee (unless you go before 10am on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday).I recommend checking out the Music Concourse because it's a great place for hanging out, taking pictures, and having a picnic. Sometimes, food trucks will park nearby. The area is scenic because there are tons of pruned trees which give the oval space a really cool and unique look. There are benches to sit and relax on and multiple fountains to gaze at. There are picnic tables and restrooms located behind the classic, grandiose-looking Spreckels Temple of Music (where bands play). Sometimes, food trucks park behind the temple. It's a good place to stop and grab a bite to eat. This is where I tried out the Annakoot Indian food truck from Berkeley. This area is also the meeting point for the park's Segway tours.The golf course isn't a full-fledged 18-hole championship course. It's a small, 9-hole, par 3 course. It costs about $20 to play a round. San Francisco residents get a discount. There's a driving range and golf instruction available too.For a public park, I think Golden Gate Park is satisfactorily maintained. There are public restrooms scattered about. They aren't in the best condition, but they aren't filthy dirty either. Some of the restrooms do not have toilet paper or paper towels (or hand drying machines). Some parts of the park have a lot of litter. There are bunches of homeless people too. It's not uncommon to smell weed while walking through the park, especially when you're at or near the Haight St (surprise) entrance.Golden Gate Park-goers are an eclectic bunch from young to old, locals to tourists, runners to break dancers.In the end, this is a fine large urban park. San Franciscans are lucky to have it.
I love Golden Gate Park!A lot of people compare it with New York Central Park and say NYCP is much better. Well it really depends on what context. I think Golden Gate Park is of a much more natural settings and good for family/friends gatherings and picnics on weekends.My main purpose going to GG Park is for running - I usually park my car on MLK Drive or Nancy Pelosi Drive, then run along JFK Drive all the way to the Ocean Beach and come back. There are so many tall trees and I don't really need to worry about finding shades. And also because of the trees the overall temperature is noticeably lower than urban area, making it a perfect environment for runners.Especially on Sundays, part of the JFK drive is blocked for cars entry and you will see a lot of people running/biking on the main road, very convenient for both SF residents and visitors.It's really one of the main treasures for the City of San Francisco.
My idea of heaven is going to Amoeba Records, buying up some awesome and rare albums, hanging out at a cafe somewhere in Haight-Ashbury and then spending the afternoon wandering through Golden Gate Park, exploring the paths and trails, the lakes and ponds,  the Rose Garden, the Japanese tea gardens, the Conservatory, taking in the lush vegetation  and then quite suddenly, find myself facing the immensity of the Pacific ocean.Yeah, there's a bit of a sketchy element in the park near the Haight, but mind your own business and all is well. The park is simply too vast and too epic to let such a small detail ruin it. There's a very serene and Zen quality about this place, which not even NY's Central Park or Montreal's Mont-Royal can come near. Woody Allen or Richard Linklater should make a film here.
People always talk about hidden gems but this this is a true Gem! Not hidden but tucked away in the city.  This is my all time favorite place when visiting SF. It's gorgeous and have a variety of things for you to do here. I mean where else can you enjoy the beauty of nature at this extent in the big city?!    This park is huge!  There's giant playgrounds for the kiddies, man made lakes, different trail paths for you to stroll through, a conservatory for butterflies, green house, carousel, wind mills, unique trees, beautiful flowers!! Gaahhh this place is art itself in a city full of artists. You can take the kids out to play, go for a picnic, bike, skate, hike, photo ops, propose, paint, play music or hang out. It's such a gorgeous place. I would definitely recommend visiting here at least once if you're in SF. Parking is free , the park is clean so go on over and have a little piece of paradise (^_^)
This is for the PIONEER LOG CABIN PICNIC AREA:Great place to hold a company event. We played kickball here, BBQed, and listened to music. Our only regret is that we had to pack in/pack out after having paid $200 to rent the space. We would have expected that service to come with the space rental... nothing much came with the  rental, just use of public restrooms (haha) and the actual reservation of the space.
I walk the dogs to the park all the time! almost every day! The maintenance staff does a great job of keeping the park clean, well maintained, they make sure the sprinklers are working correctly and the flowers... can't even get started on all the flowers, and trees! They are so well maintained! The flowers bloom in their natural state. I hadn't seen the bison for a few weeks, glad they are still in their paddock. The fish in the lake are interesting, the dogs like to look at them. All the different kinds of birds that hang around, and of course the little turtles, love them!Wish they didn't put the sprinklers on right in the morning when most of the morning walkers are there, they should turn them on earlier. Great park, can't wait to visit in the warmer months to be able to have parties and BBQ!
The quick run down:Expansive, lots of things to do, easy to get lost, but also not so easy because of all the maps they have around (score!). Great walk down to the beach. THE BEACH. OMG. #amazingBut it's nothing like a PNW park; very urban. It reminds me of a "drier" Central Park, with more "things" to do.I definitely enjoyed my time here walking around and exploring, but I wasn't blown away. I guess I'm too spoiled in Seattle.But go to this park and walk West until you hit the Pacific. Absolutely glorious.(PS - bring your own food for a picnic, because the food places are scarce and food places located right outside the park are scarce too; and because you'll definitely want to have a picnic after seeing everyone here having one)HUGE plus - Take the 5 bus or 5R bus down Fulton and get off at 10th, 8th, or 6th. BEST decision ever. You won't have to fight traffic or parking or anything suboptimal having to do with taking your own car. Also good for visitors like me who didn't have a car!
I feel like this is an umbrella review because there are so many different things in GGP that deserve reviews of their own, but anyway.. here goes...Soon after moving to SF, I realized one the best things about living west of Divis is quick access to GGP. One of my favorite running routes ( and i'm sure I am not alone) is running through the park all the way to Ocean Beach and then back through the park again. On any given day I can see the pacific ocean, dutch windmills, Bison, waterfalls, golf courses, etc.. All in pretty much under an hour! One of the coolest things about the park is there are So many hidden attractions  that to this day I have probably only seen about half (and I'm there pretty often!) Just the other day I learned about Strawberry hill and went to go check it out. Turns out it was sitting there right in front of my face all along. Just one turn off my my usual running route. All this is an aside from all the great events that happen in the park as well such as B2B and Outside Lands to name a few. Definitely one of my favorite spots in SF, whether for running, reading, BBQ-ing, or just chilling.
Garden full of sweet morning dew rosesFind a waterfall and channel your blogger poses Have a picnic or bbq in a meadowDrop by the bison paddock and say "Hello!" These are a few of my favorite thingsGet your "Notebook" on and row a boat on Stow LakeIt's 4/20, time to wake and bakeVisit the Flower ConservatoryLet go any and all worriesThese are a few of my favorite thingsFeed your kid at heart and bring the kiddies to the Children's PlaygroundRandom curiosities abound, find the Carousel and go round and roundShow how cultured you are and explore the De YoungMake it an Adult Night at Academy of Sciences and have some funThese are a few of my favorite thingsDuckies, turtles, and birdies, o my! Lush, beautiful trees in Strawberry Fields So many things to exploreWondrous sights to see, I do adoreThese are a few of my favorite thingsWhen work sucksWhen people stinkWhen I'm feeling sadI simply remember the little thingsAnd then I don't feel so bad(Repeat all verses.)Only in SF.
Been here before like 20 years ago. Beauty remains with SF version of Central Park. Sunni likes the nature, I'm pretty much fine with anything as I'm the most chill dude in the States.
Truly a fantastic place! A must visit especially on a Sunday when it's a car free day (no cars in the park).  Plenty to discover in such a HUGE pristine place.  You'll spend a whole day easy walking so put on some comfy kicks.  Just get here and you'll be amazed to find a jewel in the middle of the City!
Probably one of my favorite parks in the country (in spite of the dreary weather).  It's gorgeous from end to end.  I especially love the Japanese Tea Garden as well as the many trails you take explore.  You also have the DeYoung Museum, California Academy of Sciences, Conservatory of Flowers, Botanic Gardens and the beautiful Snow Lake.  Make it nearly to the end, there's a Dutch windmill.  It's a huge park and, thankfully, not too hilly.  It's an amazing park and a must when visiting the city.
Just a great place to spend an afternoon at.  Whether I visit the gardens, the museums, or stroll around the pond, this is such a lovely place to forget about the cramped living in SF.  I love finding the family of turtles living near the waterfall and I enjoy having tea at the Japanese Garden. Sometimes I join walking events held here to support cancer research (a shout out to the Caminos Para La Vida organization) or I picnic with my friends.  People tend to be kind and courteous with their strollers and dogs.  The park is also well tended, very tidy.  Always worthy of a visit.
Golden Gate Park offers so many attractions and activities, but I admit that I mainly come here to hike, job, picnic, or just people watch.  It's a really big park that you should not try to see in one day.  I recommend exploring a little at a time and let yourself be pleasantly surprised what you find.ENJOY!
ABit tooBusy withLots of cars butCan be nearly all things to all people.
This park is amazing.  We just don't have parks of this level anywhere around Salt Lake City.  There is just so much to do.  I feel like you could spend a whole week and not cover the whole park.The main part of my review though pertains to the disc golf course.  I've played here a couple of times now and really enjoy the course.  It's very well maintained, has beautiful, descriptive signs to guide you to the hole, and is all around an excellent course.  It's challenging, but not too bad.  I've been playing for about a year and feel I could par it with a couple more visits.The one thing that is frustrating is the waits.  A lot of new people play here, which is fine, but if you are a new, slow group, PLEASE let others play through you.  When 2 people are coming through and driving 200+ feet per throw, your group of 4 or 5 throwing 20 feet at a time needs to kindly offer to let them play ahead of you.  It's a small annoyance, but should be noted.If you see a big backup on hole one, start on hole ten.  Then once you get around to 18 just go back to one.  That's worked well for me.  The rest of the park seems great, although I haven't covered anywhere close to the entire park.Overall I would say it's a must visit in San Francisco.
This place is freaking huge. There are plenty of grassy areas for picnics. You can play some ultimate frisbee on the expansive fields. There are lots of lakes if you like paddleboats. I recently learned that you can do archery at Golden Gate Park, too! The most notable attractions are the museums, specifically the de Young Museum and the California Academy of Science. Personally I enjoy hiking up Strawberry Hill and taking a walk around the beautiful lake. Or visiting the Japanese Tea Garden. I'm never a fan of the tourists here, but Golden Gate Park is just so popular you can't help it. The parking can be a nightmare, but drive around long enough and you will find some. There is always an underground parking structure, too. Whether you are with a date, your family, or just by yourself... there is always something new to discover at Golden Gate Park. Sometimes I'll forget that I'm even in San Francisco because there is so much green! Oh and make sure to check out all the events going on here too, like Outsidelands.
This sort of encompasses the Japanese Tea Garden as well, but since you have to pay admission to that I'm considering that a separate review.Golden Gate Park, names for being near the Golden Gate Bridge but not in a way where you'd be able to see it (I'm sure there's a way to get there from here though. But everything needs a name and I'm not here to begrudge it for that.This park is a day trip sort of place. It's big enough that you could spend a lot of time wandering about and enjoying all the sights, but sectioned enough that you can decide what you want to see specifically and only focus on those things.The tips section seems to warn against parking in certain areas due to break-ins.  We parked in the underground structure by the Academy of Sciences building and there was no trouble or sign of break-ins (granted, we were there once for a few hours so grain of salt).  I will comment though that as convenient as that was it was a bit expensive to park there.So plenty to do, plenty to see that doesn't require admission.  My main issue is it seems a bit easy to get lost.  Well, not lost per se.  I'm usually pretty good with directions, but the map for this place is a little difficult to read and certain parts seemed to be a bit off of where the map shows it as being.A good time and not too crowded...with the exception of the yo-yo championship happening that day.  I love "What am I seeing?" moments like that in life.
I got to walk/jog/explore around this park for 8 miles today and this is what I found: -"hidden" trails-random musicians' performances-Japanese Tea Garden is free 9-10am (I missed it by 5 minutes boooo)-coffee stand dude by the restroom/museum area is flirty-tons of great viewpoint-many museums & gardens are closed Mondays (De Young & the plant conservatory garden)-there's a Whole Foods nearby on Stanyon if you want to do an impromptu picnic. I am coming back again... I loved this park. The park is much more "untamed" (in the best way possible) compared to Central Park in Manhattan or Prospect Park in Brooklyn (where I currently reside).
Golden Gate park is so awesome.  There's so much to see and do, that you need more than a day to check out all the cool stuff it had to offer.  If I lived nearby I would be here every weekend.  I wished we had time to check out the Japanese gardens, but it was that it miss out on the playground and the LO comes first.  Oh well, next time.
Beautiful urban park. I really enjoyed navigating this place. Definitely worth checking out. There are a couple of museums in the park, and there are a lot of joggers with their pups. Good place to walk around if you have kids.
Frisco is such a great city.  The best in California if not the U.S.  Given the hilly terrain and the small size of the city, I was amazed how large the park is.  It is majestic and worthy of a visit.  There are some much to see and do.  I do recommend driving, but understand, parking will be a challenge particularly on the weekend.  I wish I spent more than a day.  Next time I visit this city, I will give more time to spend in this beautiful park.
Love this park! Concerts and festivals and bbqs and picnics all years round! Walk around the academy of science of Deyoung art museum. Check out the Botanical gardens or the Japanese Tea garden or the Conservatory of Flowers or just go for a walk, a bike ride, a jog. I love this place. makes me feel good. I miss commuting to work through the park on my bike.
This is a great park for groups, children, animals, sports. Lots of space and gardens to walk around in. Great for exercise and all the festivals it holds. Bring a picnic and jackets. It gets cold more often than not. Also bring a blanket to sit on.
Wanna buy weed or shrooms?  You can be sure to get a hook-up here at the Park.  Don't get me wrong, I love Golden Gate Park.  It's majestic, super clean and well maintained, and it's smack in the middle of the city to provide free parking and goodness all around.  It's just that it has a small population of druggies and homeless that kind of bring it all down for me.More on the positive, there's drum circles, a botanical garden, Japanese tea gardens, tennis courts, bike and walking trails, artist galleries, a carousal, a children's area, dog park, fly fishing, lakes, model boats, lawn bowing, soccer, and polo grounds.  Truly, something for everyone.Factoid: "Modeled after New York City's Central Park, Golden Gate Park is considered by many to be the best city park in the United States.  It is also the largest man-made park in the world -- at 1,017 acres and over 3 miles (50 blocks) long by 1/2 mile wide.    Thirteen million people visit each year making it the third most visited park in the U.S"
Great park with plenty of activities to do aside from the normal taking a stroll or running/exercising. Probably a good idea to check the Golden Gate Park's website to see where all the action occurs. There are flower gardens, museums, lakes, and lot of other things to see and do.
Golden Gate Park one of my favorite places in San Francisco.It's probably the main reason why I can go months without realizing I haven't gotten out of the city.It has many things I like: - It has lots of trees. I'm from the Pacific Northwest, and I get cranky when I'm not near enough trees. - It's a big park, and all those trees help block out the city and makes it seem like you're getting away from it all - At the same time, you're never too far from food or public transportation. - It has many open meadows for picnics and paths in the forest for exploring. - There are plenty of moderately clean public restrooms throughout the entire park. - It has a ton of bike paths. On Sundays, one of the main roads is closed to cars. - It's mostly flat, so you can get pretty far on bike or running without tiring out.If it's your first time there, the best way to see the park is on a bike. Preferably go on a Sunday, when they close the road. Even if you go when cars are allowed, the bike lanes are pretty nice.Starting from the entrance near the Panhandle, you get the colorful Conservatory of Flowers, the "Skatin' Place" (happens on Sundays afternoons; you'll know it when you pass it), and that area with all those museums and the guy playing saxophone under the bridge. Once you pass under the highway, cars are allowed on the road and you're stuck in a bike lane, but it's a much quieter part of the park. There's a lake with huge miniature boats, a bison paddock, one of the windmills, and the Pacific Coast. If it's a clear day and you've made it this far, I recommend walking north to the landing outside of the Cliff House and look down the coast. Amazing!The first section of JFK can get crowded on nice days, but it's wonderful seeing so many folks enjoying the park: children on tricycles, rollerbladers, runners, a guy pushing a grocery cart, bicyclists in fancy pants, a family on scooters.There are also some nice places along MLK in the south, but it's not quite as wonderfully bike-friendly as JFK. The bike lanes are nonexistent at points and Highway 1 barges through and ruins the illusion of being away from the city.Once you've done that, just check out the hundreds of little paths all over the park.
THIS IS A MUST WHEN VISITING SAN FRANCISCO!!! You will not be able to discover everything in one day. Quick tip: you do not have to park at the entrance of the park! You can circle around until you see a spot that you would like to stop and walk around. My boyfriend and I made the mistake of parking at the front and did not realize how big the park was. In addition, take a picture of the map at the entrance so you do not get lost. I was amazed at all the options available at this park. They have picnic tables, free public transit throughout the park, dog play areas, selected points of interests, lakes and other recreational activities. I really wanted to visit the Japanese Tea Garden but we arrived too late. The garden was about to close in ten minutes and we did not want to waste money paying for the admission. So check the hours before visiting! However, we were able to visit other locations. My boyfriend and I decided to venture further and found a rose garden and a Chinese pavilion. Remember to bring a camera! There are so many beautiful plants and animals to take pictures of. On our visit, we saw a blue jay. It had vibrant colors and stayed in our sight for awhile.
Not from SF but I had 3 hours on foot to spare and my only regret is not renting a bike and being able to see more. Started at the Japanese tea garden and holy cow this place. Had coffee at the darling little shop in there. Could've spent half a day there. There's nothing in this park not worth seeing. Easy enough to see it all on a bike in a day if you wanted to. Tea garden was amazing if I didn't say that. So great.
This park is huge. And it's got everything:  Botanical gardens, paddle boats, guys meeting for kickboxing practice, bison, a windmill, clowns on unicyles... It ends across the street from a beach on the west side. The dutch windmill is interesting to see and is surrounded by a pleasant quiet tulip garden.  Our quest to see bison was a fail, however, as the paddock had one lone bison hiding far away in the shadows.  No worries, we went to Stow Lake and had fun at a reasonable $25/hr for a paddle boat. There are lots of picnic tables by the rental facility, and a snack bar. Bathrooms are in the parking lot. The park east of Hwy 1 is considerably more busy because it has the lake, the gardens, the carousel, etc... If you want more quiet and space to ride bikes or walk/run, the west side of the park is much quieter and ends at a beach.
Awesome park.  Take the J-Judah here.  Lots of hiking from the Haigh Street to the Ocean.
This park is the Central Park of San Francisco. It is a great place to go for a run as there are a lot of different trails within the park and the outer roads are approximately 6 miles. There are plenty of things going on in the park with a Dutch Windmill (where there was a wedding occurring when I walked past it), lakes, ball fields, plenty of trees, and much more. The San Francisco Botanical Gardens and Japanese Tea Garden are also popular spots within the park. However, there are too many other things to do and great views in the city that are free of charge. As a result, I did not feel the need to wait in line and pay for either of those two attractions. If you want to see a beautiful display of flowers in the park, you can pass by the Conservatory of Flowers on John F. Kennedy Drive in the northeast corner of the park for free. I had a great time taking a loop inside the park. I highly recommend it on a beautiful day.If you are visiting San Francisco and looking for recommendations, please go to rookerville.com/2015/09/…
Ive been to Golden Gate Park for DeYoung and Academy of Science and those free Alice concerts. I havent really gottten the chance to explore this whole place. Who knew there were gardens, trees, great trails, waterfalls, and little lakes. Parking around the circumference of the park is free so no worries there but it will be tough to find openings closer to noon. I spent 3 hours running around, taking photos, hiking, and just exploring. It is so nice to just go out there on your own without an itinerary haha. I ran to the west side and walked on the beach right along the Pacific Ocean. Who knows how many miles I ran but I would have totally spent more time, maybe have a picnic or play tennis at the courts. This is definitely a nice treasure in SF :)
Beautiful day outside here in San Francisco on the day that I came. I love going on adventures and looking at nature, so this place was perfect for me. There were a lot of tourists here and other people in the area walking around, enjoying themselves. The park was large which consisted of different parts. I would definitely come back to take more pictures and enjoy the gorgeous place with my family and friends!
I love this park. Each time I come here, I wish I was nearby as I'm envious of all the runners who get to run the paths on a daily basis. It's a large park! Parking here can be a little tricky but if you're diligent and have the time there are spots on the side of the streets with 4 hour limits. If you have no patience then you should head to the parking lot near the de Young Museum. Did I mention there's a couple museums here as well! The Japanese tea garden is a visit at least once attraction. All the attractions do have a fee unless you somehow stumble on the free day for the Academy of Sciences. The Conservatory of Flowers is a must for your botany lover, but if you're strapped for cash, then the Botanical Garden is another best bet to just walk through.During the spring, you might be able to catch the tulip garden near the windmill. You could also rent bicycles that you ride around the park if you're willing and able! I rented a bike once to bike from Golden Gate Park across the Golden Gate Bridge to Saulsalito and back.Don't miss the bisons! They're there roaming :)There are a lot of different picnic areas. If you get a chance, do the AIDS walk, Hot Chocolate Run to run the area. Or maybe go to Sharon Meadows when Radio Alice holds a free concert in the Summer!Again a lovely park and just a little nice oasis from the hustle and bustle of Downtown San Francisco.
Great green space in the city. Slow down and be willing to walk a little bit and you'll likely find on street free parking, just venture down MLK closer to the Pacific. It's a park get out and walk, and enjoy it. Hell, take your bike or MUNI for christ's-sake!Can't give it five stars because the attractions and gardens are pay to enter, the Tea Garden, the Botanical Garden, the Academy of Sciences and Aquarium are each and every one expensive. The "experience" of crowds of tourists (or locals) bunched into the Japanese Tea Garden simply kills any chance of experiencing the intended serenity and tranquillity that the place is meant to evoke. If irony smelled like flatulence then that would be the experience of irony there. So what you have is a nice park with too many folks racing their cars up and down the streets, to get someplace or find that parking space, rather than slowing down to relish the greenery and nature. So do yourself a favor, save your money, try and get away from the hassle and the hordes, and enjoy a picnic in the shade of the beautiful trees.
Over impressed with the activities offered here. I had added it to our itinerary on a whim, and it became one of the most impressive parts of the trip. The sound silos provided the group great entertainment as each herd each other sing. The tower was awesome to climb up. The forests and the gardens were impressive, and the botanical gardens were worth every penny. I appreciated so much here and would highly suggest it for anyone who appreciates nature even a little bit.
I really, really love this park. i have now been here twice and enjoyed both times I've visited here. I would say the best way to get around the park is on bike (or possibly roller skates) given that it is pretty big and there is a lot to cover. There always seems to be a lot to do in this park. For example, last time we were here on a Sunday, we noticed that there was free swing dancing in the park. We also noticed people racing their toy sailboats around Spreckels Lake. In terms of recommendations, I would recommend stopping by the rose garden. So many beautiful roses to smell and look at. I also really enjoyed visiting the two windmills in the park, seeing the bison, and going geocaching. My favorite thing though that I've done in the park is definitely the Conservatory of Flowers, which is the oldest Victorian Greenhouse west of the Thames. I still feel like there is so much more for me to see and I cannot wait to return.
Golden Gate park is so huge and there are some many parts for you to explore. Definitely spent a good few hours walking around here. Lots of museums for you to check out as well as a Japanese Tea Garden! Worth a visit if you're in SF!
A hidden gem! We found the park by accident and were intrigued by the "forest-like" vibe it gave off so we stopped and explored just before sundown. This park reminds me of Central Park in that it has different areas to check out. There was a beautiful garden of roses and also some pretty impressive redwood trees.  If you're in the area visiting its worth checking out.
I'm so grateful to have the beautiful golden gate park in the city.... So many things to do.
This is a cool park and kind of reminds me of being like the Central Park of San Francisco. On a Saturday afternoon there were a bunch of people out, some families and lots of younger people just laying out or playing games, just enjoying the day. It's a pretty area and you can easily walk to stuff in the Haight Ashbury area, which is where we stopped to grab a drink before entering the park. There were some bums, but it wasn't the dirtiest public park I've been to either.
Golden Gate Park is a great place, sort of a sanctuary of serenity for locals and tourists alike to enjoy.Most of the park is FREE to enjoy, which is great.There's a few museums and attractions that cost to get in, but it's cheaper than Disneyland and more educational for the kids, to enrich their lives to nourish their brians with intelligence rather than the commercialized over indulgence and sensory overloads of overpriced carnival amusement parks.There's a lot to see and do if you enjoy walking.  It's good for all ages.Stow Lake is beautiful, and they rent out boats (peddle boats, row boats and electric boats) by the hour, and it's a cute quaint place to bring some bread to feed the ducks (watch out for those dang aggressive Seagulls 'tho) on the bench along the lake area.  It's a nice walk around the lake too.Japanese Tea Garden is nice, it's FREE on certain days from 9-10am, and is good for 15-30 minutes of walking inside to check out.It's a pretty nice place to visit and kill time while getting exercise and not being so urban, with that more rural feel to the paths and greenery.Parking is easy if you know how to find it. I'd tell you here, but then that secret parking space won't be there for me the next time I visit :)
San Francisco is awesome to have this amazing park that stretches for miles in a city that is known for its craziness. We love this park, especially when have 2 young boys under 5 years old. We like being around the museum area and exploring the many walking paths. There are public bathrooms...if you know where to find them :-). This place is so nice on a sunny day. We like going there on a weekday to avoid the large crowd. There are food trucks and a food stand if you go their early enough...I believe before 4pm. It's a must for anyone who just wants to relax or to explore the walking paths.
Beautiful. Absolutely stunning, and much bigger than I originally expected. So much to see and do, you'll need a whole day to get to everything! Check the hours on exhibits before arriving, because I came 10 minutes after the Japanese Tea Garden closed, which was the one thing I REALLY wanted too see. Bring your time, a spare phone battery (you'll be taking a lot of pictures!), and  map and you'll have a great day exploring.
Smack dab in the heart of San Francisco lies the serene beauty of Golden Gate Park. In a city as compact as this one, Golden Gate Park is surprisingly 20 percent larger than Central Park in New York City, it's most comparable counterpart. Personally, I didn't think much about Golden Gate Park until I truly explored it. I had no clue that there was so much to see and do here! Created in 1870, Golden Gate Park has immensely grown since then. What stands here today can be enjoyed by tourists and locals alike. Major features in this park include Spreckles Temple of Music, De Young Museum, Academy of Sciences, the Japanese Tea Garden, the Conservatory of Flowers, Botanical Gardens, Stow Lake, active Windmills, Bison paddock, a Carousel built in 1914, the Rose Garden, and various trails for hiking, jogging, or simple leisurely walks. The abundance of plant life that exists here is astounding! There were many times I felt like I was frolicking around Jurassic Park! Every so often I would wonder whether a pterodactyl would peek its head out from around the overbearingly tall trees. Ground shrubbery, rich soil, flowers, people riding their bikes throughout, fun seasonal events, Stow Lake boat paddling, and quiet picnics can be experienced here; this is absolutely the perfect place to do anything outdoorsy.Most definitely a destination to visit when coming in to San Francisco! I recommend visiting this local gem if you already haven't.
Love this park! It's no Central Park... but it is such a California park ahah there are large driveways all throughout the park so you can navigate through it. It's divided into a lot of smaller sections, there are museums, botanical gardens, japanese tea gardens, etc. I've been here for numerous concerts as well. Just a generally awesome place to escape the city life and slow down for a bit. The reason it's not quite a five star experience for me (though I have to say that my exposure to the park is still fairly limited) since everything fun costs money ... for a broke college student who just wants to take a nice walk in the park, which you can do here, I wish that you could do more without having to pay entrance fees for everything! Also not sure if this is a common occurrence, I doubt it is, but after my friends and I found parking, we saw a whole row of cars that had their windows broken into... in broad daylight which is insane and actually didn't make that much sense to us since there're quite a few police cars patrolling around the place. Anyways being nervous about that is definitely what cut my visit to the park a little shorter than it would have been otherwise. tldr; lovely park in the middle of a bustling city!
In many ways as another Reviewer noted, Golden Gate Park will remind you of Central Park in New York.   Beautiful, fun with lots to see and do.   Biking, jogging, picnicking or just walking.  There's gardens, and the special California Academy of Sciences.    BUT at the same time always be aware of yourself, your belongings and your surroundings.   Have fun visiting all the special places the park has to offer, just use common sense.   The park really is lovely and worth a visit.
Beautiful park. Make sure you take a few hours out of the day, as there is much to see. What we did was catch the free shuttle, which runs about every 15-20 minutes and has stops at most attractions. Make sure you take time to check out Stow Lake, you can rent a paddle boat here or you can hike the trails. Lots of wildlife and beautiful. There is food to be purchased throughout the park and plenty of restrooms. There was also a Segway tour, which we didn't do, it's more fun to explore yourself.
This park is huge!  You can do so much... it'll take you hours to walk around, so be prepared.  This is one thing I'm jealous of San Francisco... their parks and playgrounds are simply top notch amazing.  (Something L.A. is lacking...)  anyway, this park has a carousel, awesome playgrounds, beautiful trees and flowers, bison, and so much more... There's so much space!  I absolutely love it!  You need to check it out!
