Awesome view of San Francisco!Just when you think you can't go any further...After Yuri and I conquered the 16th Avenue Steps AND the Hidden Garden Steps, we climbed even MORE stairs to the top of Grandview Park!On the way up, there was a bench with a plaque.  At the very top, there was another bench where people were chatting.  It's so calm and peaceful!Wow...  you can see all the way to the ocean!Reminds me of the song, "On A Clear Day... you can see forever..."It would be awesome to return and look at the scenery in the evening!  Let's go!
Beautiful view of San Francisco!After climbing up the tiled steps, we decided to go even further up and get a better view of the sunset.I dreaded added steps and I know my legs are gonna kill me tomorrow, but it was worth it - the view was amazing!There's not a lot of places to sit but there is one bench facing the Golden Gate Bridge. I guess you can sit around the fence and/or on the rocks.Definitely a great place to take your friends!
I first came here on a high school field trip (Mercy SF, represent!), and it was a complete eye-opener - who'da thunk that in the middle of a neighborhood off of 19th, that there's these gorgeous mosaic tiled stairs, and a killer view at the end of it all?THE HIGHLIGHTS.+ Some of the prettiest stairs you'll ever see in your life+ Bring a windbreaker, as the view from the park top is a beastly windy one+ Bring a camera to capture the incredible view you're also about to see+ Ideally be in shape that's good enough to climb several flights of stairs and a steep hillsideI would recommend coming late evening or early morning for the best view from the park, for sure.
Grandview Park sits atop the famous 16th avenue stairs.  Its a great place to catch a sunset with a loved one or friends.  It teeters the edge of Sunset, but still is a pretty secluded park for the most part.  The stairs are just as fun as the park.  Offers a great view on a clear day and gives a very different perspective of the more residential side of SF.
Such a great place to visit! There are multiple beautiful mosaic staircases in the area so you should find them all!! The view from the top is great as well! It's for tourists and residents alike. On a clear day you can see all of the bay when you get to the tip top spot.
Make your leg day a bit more scenic by taking the Mosaic Steps up to Grandview Park. It's truly a playground for adults. Definitely not the most killer/intense leg workout, but it'll get your blood pumping. On a clear day, you can see across the bay and you'll be able to snap some scenic photos along the way. Plenty of parking on 16th & Moraga, unless it's a holiday. This place is never too crazy, unlike others (Twin Peaks, etc.). Wear comfy shoes, a light/warm jacket and an appetite for adventure... speaking of appetite...this is a great place to have a picnic, take some photos and soak in all of the panoramic views of the best city ever.
Small park with steep stairs, but great views of the city.Go the route through the "Moraga Steps" or the "Mosaic Steps" or the "Tiled Steps" or the "Grand View Park Steps"....or whatever! Call them what you will... these steps are both beautiful themselves and will lead you to the base of the Grand View Park stairwell.I discovered this park as I was investigating "Local Flavor" spots in SF on Yelp- and discovered the Mosaic Steps. I took my kids here recently and it was very cool. The combined adventure of the Mosaic Steps and Grand View Park wasn't long, maybe 30 minutes round trip. It's a photogenic spot for a number of reasons, so come prepared to take pictures. The city views, the stairwell, and the close-ups of the tile art are all cool for pictures.The parking situation isn't too bad. It's all residential so be conscious of the signs.There are a few benches scattered throughout the park.I'll return someday, but I"m not in a huge rush.
Another view of SF that is unbelieveable.It is legit 360 views of the city & then some. If you think you're GPS is taking you back to Billy Goat Hill, you're headed in the right direction. It is quite close but the views are black & white. Grand View Park trumps Billy Goat Hill, that's for sure. (Sorry, Billy Goat Hill, I still love you)Street parking wasn't bad for a Saturday during sunset. It is all street parking as it is located in a residential neighborhood.There are two flights of stairs that take you all the way to the top.There is a a fence that I found myself on the other side of, as usual.Great for a photo-op with the whole city as your background.Panorama mode is your friend. You will come to find this out.It was quite windy but I was okay since the view was worth it.I totally recommend as the top place to view the city!
ParkingNeighborhood street parking. The roads are pretty tight so be careful. If you can't park at the bottom of the stairs, try the top.FeelsA very community friendly park that has a bike path or steps. I wouldn't really consider this a hike but if you run up the hill a few times, it makes a good workout. You get a good view of the Golden Gate Bridge however beware of Karl the Fog!Overall5 stars. Honestly if you're at a highpoint of a city, you're bound to get a good view however what makes this stand out is that you're close to the mosaic steps. Another non-promoted tourist place to be.TL;DR Tips:* Great place for simply sightseeing or a hilly workout.* During the Winter Holidays you can find a Christmas tree there.
A great panoramic view awaits you from the top of the serious flights of stairs that lead up to this park. Located around 14-16th Ave near Moraga & Noriega. We were looking for the Moraga Steps when we went to Grand View Park. Made our trek up the steps which are covered more and more by dirt and sand as you make your way higher. But the work is worth it because you get a beautiful view of all of San Francisco. It was a foggy Sunday morning when we went but you can see Sutro Tower, all of the Sunset and on that day.. almost to the ocean and the Golden Gate. Bring comfortable shoes you dont mind getting a little dirty. Take some breaks if you need to. But definitely appeciate the view as it is spectacular even on a fog covered day as ours.
If you want a view of the city from every angle, scratch out places like Billy Goat Hill and Twin Peaks because this is your spot! First things first: mentally prepare yourself for a seemingly endless flight of stairs. I'd suggest looking down the whole time when walking because when you look up and realize you have more flights to go, you might just turn around...but trust me, the view is worth the ache in your calves. There's a bench at the top and at several stops on the way up, so you can choose which viewpoint you like best. There's plenty of street parking at the bottom of the stairs (just no parking during certain hours on Tuesdays for street cleaning). Also, there's dirt and sand at the top so wear comfortable shoes. Overall, it's a great place to see the city!
The best 360 view of SF!!! However, be aware of about 500 steps walking upstairs but worth the rewards of the most amazing view of SF!!! This is an easy bike up and will not take more than 10 mins to get up there. I would walk all over again!!! On a hot day, you still get a really nice breeze up at the top. Nice place to take pictures or have a nice picnic!!! Parking is around the residential area. While you're in the area, don't forget to walk down to the mosaic steps not too far from this hike. The steps are higher but worth the walk. Enjoy!!
Amazing views!!! By far my favorite vista point.The walk up the stairs is totally worth it, your breath will continue to be taken away with the views from the top!
Awesome view of SF. You can see the sunset district and the Golden Gate bridge all the way to downtown and Twin peaks! Beautiful panorama views of the city.This is more of an uphill walk than a hike. There's plenty of stairs, so it's totally doable without running shoes/hiking shoes. The first time I found this place on accident, so I was wearing booties and it was still fine. The actual length of this "hike" isn't long either. You can drive up pretty far, so you don't have to walk as much if you don't want to.I've been here twice now. Each time the view is slightly different depending on weather and time of day. It's also nice because there aren't too many people and it isn't too crowded. You can definitely get in some good pictures without people in the background!Also, this place is right behind the tiled steps. So if you're at the tiled steps, you just keep going up the stairs and eventually you'll get to the peak/park. Or if you want to see some pretty tiled steps after the beautiful city views, just take the steps all the way down!I also love this place because parking isn't hard to find at all! It's pretty residential, so there's plenty of street parking nearby. Also, remember to turn your tires so you don't get ticketed!!
A 360' view of the beautiful city of SF.... Heck yes it was worth climbing up those steps. I didn't know of its existence until driving towards the Golden Gate Park. I looked up and saw this crazy park high up in the sky and I knew I had to visit. Finding a parking spot in that neighborhood may be a bit tricky but keep at it because it's worth it. Find the mosaic stairs, climb those then turn right and head up the stairs towards the GVP. Hopefully you are wearing the proper attire. It is a bit rocky and dusty at the top so you have been warned. My only complaint is that there wasn't much of a sitting area to just take in the view so I just carefully propped my skinny bottom on some pointy rocks and let the cool breeze refresh me and the sounds of the city relax me. Put this on your must see list while in SF- you won't regret it.
Amazing 360 view of SF! Also a great place to get a morning work out in as there are a lot of steps! Love the mosaic tile steps and fortunately there was a lot of parking early in the morning.
Came by the other day after visiting the 16th Ave steps. The view at the top of the park is even more breathtaking as it offers 360 views of the city.This is a hidden gem with very few visitors and tourists alike!Plenty of street parking is available in the neighborhood!
After checking and doing the 16th Avenue Mosaic Stairs, you'll eventually get to Grand View Park (more stairs)Seriously, this place is a must-see!It's like you're on top of the world! Well... on top of SF haha.It's forestry, yet not too far away from the city.It overlooks the city of San Francisco.There's a bench where you can relax at, and look at the GG Bridge.You're hitting two birds with one stone--exercise and the view!It's worth checking it out!If you like to see the top of bay area, I suggest this place, Twin Peaks or even Mount Tamalpais if you're willing to hike :DGrand View Park is one of the easiest ways to see the awesome views of what SF has to offer!
I came upon here by luck when checking out the two sets of Tiled steps. I'm so glad my friends and I were just walking through the neighborhood and being adventurous.We're all pretty active people, so this was a casual walk/climb we all needed to walk off our food comas & weekend debauchery (it really isn't difficult, trust me you won't regret it!). You can see the ocean and the golden gate bridge. You can see the whole extent of SF and its magnificence. With the endorphins from walking up the stairs and adding in a killer vantage point view, I think this can potentially be a romantic setting. Just remember to bring at least one jacket to cuddle in together, because cmon now.. it's SF!"The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco."
They should just combine Grandview Park with the Tiled Steps because they are legitimately one in the same. In my opinion, Grandview Park is like the cherry on top of the cake that is the 16th ave Tiled Steps. It's really not that hard to climb up the few stairs if you are in some kind of shape. Just like with the Tiled Steps, turn back once or twice on your way up so you can see the different in scenery. In my opinion, I find the views to be gorgeous. On your way up to the top, not only enjoy the view, but relax in the comfort of the generous shade from the large trees.The reason why I like this place so much is because you get to see a 360 degree view of a part of SF that gets ignored a lot: the residential areas. Usually, you associate SF with the loud city life in the financial district. Hence, when you go up to twin peaks, thats what you primarily see. But this is a nice change in atmosphere because you get a quieter, more serene, more SUREAL view of the other side.I think the best part is probably that you can see how LARGE Golden Gate Park is. Its literally like another world down there because you can see how far it spans across San Francisco.This place is a must go with your friends, family, and loved ones.Have fun and prosper,
Wow!  I can't believe I've lived in SF all my life and just recently found this place!   The "park" isn't very glamorous, but it has an amazing 360 view of San Francisco!  Definitely worth climbing up the steps!
Oh my freaking god!? Sooo many stairs!? Hahaha that's our reaction while we were here a couple Sundays ago. Once you're at the top, the view is amazing of course.The mosaic stairs were very cool to look at. Lots of peeps taking pics all along the staircase.After this experience, I realize how out of shape I am. Wahhhh T_T
Great 360 view of the city. There was nobody there when I went... just like the lonely bench up there... just soak in the view and think about life. Deep.... It was super windy and cold, even with a jacket on... so I got out of there pretty quickly too. lolOne of the cool things to do visiting San Francisco and it's free, which is always a plus. It will always depend on the weather, who you go with, and if it's packed or not.
Easily one of the best views of San Francisco.Like most good things, they don't come easy and to get to the views that Grand View Park offers it will take some walking up steep hills and steps but in the end it is all worth it.The day after Christmas, I really did not want to do anything but lounge away after all the food we ate the night before. But, the other side of me knew I should probably work off some calories. It is a prime opportunity to use that Fitbit device or Health app on your phone with the end goal of catching a glimpse of SF that really is stunningThere are a lot of families up trekking up to Grand View Park and you'll find many sitting on the provided benches and ledges to catch the sunset which is a very happening time up on this cozy park on the hill. I like the energy here and whether it is the sweeping views of beautiful SF or the crisp air, you just feel refreshed here.One thing we noticed was an open air area walking towards Grand View Park that also has spectacular views of the ocean. A lot of people stopped their cars there too to snap some photos and get that perfect sunset pic for Instagram. I thought that was pretty awesome too.That said, wear some comfortable shoes, not too tight pants and check out the Grand view that you'll find at this park. Worth it, I swear!Tip: Street cleaning on 14th ave 9am to 11am 1st and 3rd Friday of the month
Beautiful views up there for a short effort of one hundred or so stairs.  But wow ... it's gotten super popular and crowded.  I got there near sunset and it was crowded with visitors.  Despite the crowds, very well worth going.  The views, while not as great as some other hills in San Francisco, are fantastic.  Especially sunset over the Pacific with the Farallones in the distance.  Hard to beat.
Definitely an amazing place to catch the sunset, although it can get a bit windy up there. Amazing views of the Inner Sunset, San Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge. Also a great place to work out if you want to run stairs over and over again with the Mosaic steps near by and plenty of others down the avenues it can be a more scenic stair master.
I was in town for fourth of July, and my goal was to skip the Fisherman's Warf crowd madness for the fireworks. Living in South Florida, the highest point of land I encounter, is the occasional speed bump. I thought I'd take advantage of the California terrain and enjoy a different viewpoint. I thoroughly reviewed viable options via reviews from descriptive locals. This actually made it even harder to choose a location, as San Franciscoans seem to love every park in the area. (I greatly admire this about you guys, by the way!) I had heard about the famous mosaic steps via other websites (I know, what the heck am I doing venturing beyond Yelp?!) and figured we'd kill two birds (don't worry, they are figurative birds). So I decided that Grand View Park would provide my grand fireworks view. We arrived at the park just before sunset and made our way up. Very quickly on, it dawned on my that I had forgotten to take into consideration one very important factor, the fog. We climbed to the top, where it was blantantly clear that the only thing I'd be able to see, was the person next to me, provided they were standing less than ten feet away. Karl was clearly not subsiding any time soon. As we started to head out, I remembered the mosaic steps! I actually needed to use google maps to find them because it's unclear otherwise. Despite the weather, the steps made the trip worth it. Although you get a good sense of them in pictures, it's definitely better in person. I know that steps dont sound a big deal but do yourself a favor and check them out.
I like hiking and everything but honestly I am terribly unfit and hate working out and especially hate STAIRS. So when my friends and I arrived at the bottom of the beautiful mosaic steps, I was like "just kill me now". There are a LOT, LOOOOOT of stairs if you start from there and want to get all the way to the park at the top. But once I got to the top (somehow I didn't die), I remembered why I enjoy hiking and why it's worth the pain. The view from the park is great! The park itself isn't much, you can barely even call it that. But you can see the whole city all the way around. A very nice reward for the workout you just did. Although it was warm the day I went, it was quite chilly and windy at the top here, so just be aware of that.I can't even imagine how beautiful and amazing the view must be at night time when the city is all lit up. But hell if I'm gonna climb all those stairs again to find out lmao, bye.
I love this park. It's got an amazing view and it's slightly secluded. You can walk up the million steps and if you're alone, feel like you're on top of the world (or at least the sunset!) Not the best for kiddies since there is no play structure, but I'm sure they would still appreciate the walk up the stairs! As would any person exercising. This is my favorite place to stop off and and just look off the coast and get lost in my thoughts.
Words cannot express how thankful I am to have found the Yelp reviews for this amazing place! I'd heard about the 16th & Moraga Street mosaic steps before (see my other review for those), but had not had the pleasure of viewing them myself. My bf and I got a new camera, so we wanted to spend the day in the city trying it out and being tourists (even though we live nearby and come to the city often). I was looking up the mosaic steps, and I stumbled upon the Grand View Park reviews. I never would've known this incredible place existed if it weren't for Yelp, so I am eternally grateful. Once you reach the top of the mosaic steps, you walk up the street to the right, and you'll see a small set of stairs on the left. Climb those steps, and then continue on to the right and you'll find the winding wooden staircase up to Heaven (or what I would like to imagine Heaven looks like). We were lucky enough to go there on a super clear Sunday in November. The weather was fantastic all over the city that day. It wasn't super crowded up top - maybe 20 people total, so we were able to get tons of pics without having random people in the pictures. The view is spectacular up there (it was so clear we could see the peaks of the Golden Gate that day), and we had a great time playing with the panoramic and other settings on the camera. We brought sandwiches up there with us (which we were super thankful for after climbing all the stairs!). There are a few benches on the way up that look out over the ocean, and because it wasn't very crowded, there was one or two open. We opted to just stand and eat at the top though so we could overlook the bridge and downtown. I know we got extremely lucky with the weather, because it wasn't cold at all up there. But based on other's reviews, bring a coat up there with you, because you want to be able to spend as much time as you'd like taking it all in, and not have to cut out early because you're freezing. I would definitely love to come back here at night to check out the city lights. I didn't see any signs about there being restricted hours, so this might be an option. Definitely one of my most favorite places I've found in the wonderful city of San Francisco (and this says a lot because there are many phenomenal sites to see here).
If you want a beautiful panoramic view of the city and the bay and a killer leg workout, Grandview Park is a "must see/do" location in San Francisco, particularly on a clear, windy day.Yes, it get's chilly with those winds and yes, you WILL be tired at the top of one of the two stair cases that go all the way to the top, but you will feel alive and grateful for the view and the experience.TIP: Bring a sack lunch and eat while sitting on one of the benches at the top.PARKING: Usually, it's plentiful, but I suspect on holidays it might not be as easy.
Once you finish climbing the mosaic steps, don't think for a minute that you are done. The hard part is yet to come. After the steps, make a right and you'll find another set of stairs that will zig zag you to the top of Grand View Park. This place is pretty secluded and you will see people getting their exercise in at these stairs. After you conquered the stairs, you will regain your breath to the most amazing view of SF. You will see all of the bay and all the famous landmarks. It is absolutely breathtaking and there are lots of great photo ops if it is a clear day in SF. Remember to bring a jacket because it does get windy up here all year long!
I really got delighted with the work done on the stairs and I think a camera comes handy for taking amazing photos from the top of the park. I think you'd better avoid the place on a windy day because you will not have a 'peaceful sightseeing' If you know what I mean. I would advise anyone planning to visit to give a lot of consideration on the weather. A sunny day is better for me, but that is just personal choice. I am thinking the next time I visit this location I will carry a go pro and capture the best panoramic view of SF. Other notable things is that the place has ample parking and is not usually crowded. I think those who like to work out in the hills can also like the place. Overall, Grand View Park is recommended for both tourists and local residents. Definitely 5 stars.
This park offers amazing views of the Bay Area! Highly recommend for the beautiful views, even though it's a bit off the beaten path for many tourists. Don't forget to walk down the south side to see the mosaic steps! Beautiful.
This is one of my favorite 2nd date spots in SF. The stairs are gorgeous, there's plenty of free parking, it doesn't cost any money to hike, and when you get to the top (and I mean the top-top...you gotta go a little further to really get there) you can see 360 degree views of SF. When you're done with your hike, take your date for a Titanic-sized mocha at Hollow--the cutest little hole in the wall coffee shops near the mosaic stairs.
I gotta agree with Matthew T about this spot. It's easily one of many best views of San Francisco. You have to come here if you just want to explore SF. I love the moraga stair steps and you definitely get a nice view of the whole city if you climb up higher.
This is a great adventure , the best part is there is all different types of view and stairs around here ! It is so worth it and wouldn't miss this spot if you're in San Francisco.
Appropriately named Grand View as this is where some of the most fantastic 360 degree views in all of SF can be had. Along the way, do enjoy the gorgeous staircases zig zagging up or down. As many past visitors have proven over time, the staircases alone makes for great photo opps. The quiet residential neighborhood location plays a factor on why there isn't as much foot traffic as the tour bus laden Twin Peaks. But the relatively low key-ness is another reason why I love it so much. A true San Francisco gem.
the address that yelp directed me to was on the other side of the park & so if you don't see the amazing staircases right away, just walk around to the other side!I personally feel as if it would have been better if it was a sunnier day, because then the staircases would have been more vibrant in the sunlight, but it's still a really cool place to see. . . must see!!! :-) just know that like you, other tourists are going to be wanting to take pictures on the stairs & so it can be annoying to have to wait until it's your turn to take a photo when the stairs are clear of traffic and what not.
Amazing views.  Beautiful view of the city, Pacific and the bay. Must visit and its free!! Awesome experience!! Can get very chilly,  so get a jacket at least.
I actually like the Grand View Park more than Twin Peaks. Here's why:1. Better view of the city. It's a 360 view, rather than a 180 (you can clearly see ocean beach, golden gate park, golden gate bridge--definitely enhances your appreciation of the city).2. More quiet (bunch of obnoxious high school kids at Twin Peaks) and less crowded (people actually come here solo to get away from the hectic city life to relax and think).3. Easier to get up to (unlike the maze-like Twin Peaks where you definitely need a car).4. That one bench in the middle (reminds me of the bench in LA's Angels Knoll from 500 Days of Summer hehe).
Spectacular views of SF can be seen from here! :) We recently went for a visit and loved it. The stairs to get to the top are a bit much, but if you're fit and exercise often - then it'll be simple. You'll be rewarded with some nice cool breeze, shade (from the trees), and a magnificent view! Be sure to drop by the stairwell not far away from this park, where it's lined with painted tiles.
Quite the beauty.  If you live in the Bay Area or have a guest visiting from out of town, I highly suggest doing this at least once!  The view is spectacular on a clear day.  The mosaic stairs can be tough but not to the point of exhaustion.  The additional stairs to get to this lookout point are short and much easier.
Definitely a great view! The Mosaic steps are beautiful but was a bit sad of how crowded it was when I went, I wasn't expecting many people to be there but I went on a Sunday around 2 and there were many tourists trying to take pictures... me included! So, it was hard to get a nice shot of just the stairs without everyone else in it.However, the view at the top of the stairs is pretty great! The walk up isn't that bad, not sure why this place is in the category for hiking..? But it's a good, quick stop for any tourist. I suggest going earlier in the day to beat the foot traffic.
Took us a while to actually find the mosaic stairs... It's not exactly on the top of the hill of the park but down 2 flights of stairs.Beautiful artwork! Made my day to see it.A local said there was another set of mosaic stairs around the bend, but we never found it.
If you can find it, Grand View has, true to its name, one of the best views in the city. While my boyfriend with a fear of heights doesn't love the stairs, we both enjoy climbing to the top of this hill to watch the sunset over the ocean or the fog roll in under the bridge. The view includes the entire span of Golden Gate Park, the GG bridge, downtown, twin peaks, the entire sunset district, Angel Island, the Marin Headlands, and the ocean.I love using this area to do exercise. The staircase is long, and running up them, around the park, down the other set, and around the block is a great workout. I often see high school soccer teams training around here.While you're visiting, also check out the two sets of tiled stairs. While this neighborhood is extremely confusing to navigate by car or on foot, the two tiled staircases are hidden artistic gems. They aren't near each other, though (10 minute walk apart), and they aren't exactly the stairs on this park.The only criticisms of this park are the hefty amounts of poison oak around the hill! Beware! Sometimes there's a little bit of glass in the sand, so don't go barefoot. Also, bring your sweatshirt cause it can get windy!
I love stairs.I love great views.I love wine.I love sunsets.I love my husband.Definitely five stars.My husband lives a few blocks away, and we walked up about 45 minutes before sunset, took in the view from all angles before grabbing a spot facing the ocean, and [may have] sipped on some white wine while we watched the sun set.   It's a beautiful oasis amongst the urban dwellings.  I love it!P.S. You can see the Golden Gate Bridge from here!
You're not allowed to cheat and drive straight to Grand View Park. You need to walk up ALL of the mosaic stairs (and more) to earn one of the best views of San Francisco. The "park" itself is not all that glorious, but seeing a complete span of all seven miles of the city is just breathtaking, whether you are a local or tourist. Speaking of breathtaking, you might be out of breath from walking up so many stairs, but it's totally worth it. This is the true fitness test of San Francisco.
Beautiful view! Parking is not bad to find.
Tucked away at the top of inner sunset, it has a great view. Walk up from the mosaic steps, on your way to the top for double good times. The foliage has great character and it's only a little climb for an awesome view. The top is the nicest, but there were a lot of people there. If you go just below the peak you can get some decent privacy.
Gorgeous mosaic steps leading up to the little tip top Grand View Park. It can get pretty darn windy up there, but on a clear day you can get practically a 360° view of San Francisco! The park is tiny, like really small, and more of a look out point rather than a park. That being said, this is a great spot to just swing by if you're in the area and have 30mins to spare!
I think this is definitely one of my FAVORITE spots to get a view of the city. You see FiDi, you see the bridges (esp the Golden Gate bridge), you see all the neighborhoods of SF, and even that strip of green that is the Golden Gate Park.It's beautiful! I always go from the Mosaic steps up to this park for this Grand (panoramic) View (get it get it?).Note: this spot gets SO windy though, it's SO cold hahaha. You think the day is okay? Yeah...wait til you go up here...you'll get reminded really quickly what city you're in. But the view is worth it!
I jogged up the steps of this park out of curiosity, and although I was wheezing geriatrically at the top, I'm very glad I did. It sort of feels like a floating island, with sand paths and wildly engineered staircases. It's also a unique view at the top in that no other park affords such a sweeping vista of the Sunset and the ocean (Sutro basically blocks everything.) Will be coming back here with my partner for a sunset.
I love this place so much. Nice exercise climbing the stairs and amazing rewarding views when you get to the top!! It's so chill and beautiful. I went up when it was foggy and windy, so bring a jacket. However with some fog, the view was still beautiful and amazingly outstanding because I don't see fog when I go to school in SoCal. So when I'm back here in the bay during the summer, it feels pretty damn special to see the fog.This is my type of place and I would come here every time I'm in the area for this great set of steps. such a romantic view. It's so worth it. We parked at somewhere right by the Grand view park so we would hike up over the park first and then go back down to see the tilted steps, where the art is. For my understanding now, it's better off park at bottom of the 16th avenue so you can start at the bottom where the Mosaic steps are!! (The Tiled Steps project). Take in the art and then keep walking up to the stairway, where the Zig Zag stair is and climb up around the Grand View park where you get the views of the city !!If you want to explore around the spots In the city, come to this spot sometimes and drink a little henny with some friends.....
Best place to catch the 360° view of San Francisco at sunset! Take a jacket as it will be much cooler up there but worth it. Lots of steps up so especially if you have elderly with you plan to take some time to climb those.
Hidden gem! Not very crowded - or maybe the foggy weather hindered folks from coming out today? Not a huge park. Though peaceful and an AWESOME spot to visit... Near the 16th Avenue Tiled Steps Project. Cardio via the steps - running up and down the stairs multiple times. The best part = beautiful views of the city! Though if it's a foggy day, well then the Golden Gate Bridge will be hidden.
Beautiful 360 view of San Francisco! I've been coming here since high school, whether it be because we were racing up the moraga stairs trying to win a bet or just had nothing better to do. Those stairs are no joke! I don't think I can run up them without stopping anymore. Props to all the elderly folks I see that are still climbing them at random times in the day for exercise... Hopefully i'll be able to do that when i'm old haha.The view when you get to the top is amazing. Especially if you're from the sunset like me, you know where everything is. I can see my house, my high school, some of my favorite parks, and then some! You can even see the golden gate bridge if weather is permitting (aka karl the fog). Also, sometimes it's pretty windy so don't go up without a sweater or else you'll be freezing haha
Great view of San Fransisco and it's located in a convenient area. The 16th tiled steps projects is also located only 2 blocks away so this is worth checking out if your in the area.
Parking is all street/residential. Kinda hard to navigate the streets because they are so narrow so just be careful.Beautiful view of the city. The stairs to get to the top though are a doozy, but just consider it your cardio for the day. The bench that sits at the top reminds me of the 500 Days bench. Perfect for couples or just friends that want to enjoy the cityscape together. The pictures you take there always come out perfectly. I plan to come back when the sun is setting! Now that must be a sight to see.
This park is on top of the Tiled Stairs, you will get a great view of the city.
Beautiful view. Easy to moderate walk up the stairs.
You get a great view, almost 360 of SF up here. Golden gate bridge, downtown, golden gate park, etc. Site can be quite romantic with the moonlight guiding your way up. Beauty day and night!
With the recent loss of the matriarch of our Dela Cruz bloodline of this year, my grandmother, god rest her soul into the kingdom, I took my family on a hike Sunday.  Losing a vital person in your life is one of the most difficult things in life to ever endure, but at the same time, death is inevitable.  Leaving your mark and making sure that the people in your life are respected, and know exactly what you truly mean to them is the most precious gift anyone can ever give someone.  I never had a day when I didn't tell her I loved her, and she always knew and heard it, even with her last breathe.  I took my fam here for a "letters to heaven" ceremony that I was able to share with them an experience they will forever hold and remember, and a place of safe haven to let them truly remember nanay/grandma in their own light.  The bay was her second home, and what better place I chose to remember her always.  The bay, will always be home.  We love and will forever hold you dear grandma. We love you. 3.28.14.  Rest with the angels and continue to bless and look over us.  We miss and love you so much xoxoGrand view will always be a special place for my family and I. #letterstoheaven #godgrantourprayers #timeisthemostpreciousgift #agrandmotherstouch #lastsforever #LovetheBay #myhome
Amazing view to the city and awesome stairs. If you've never been, recommend to check them out.
Found this place by accident but so glad we did!  Even though it was foggy and we couldn't see too far, it was still beautiful and so peaceful!  We were cold tho and wet by the time we got back to our car!!  Can't wait to come back when it's clear!!
After climbing the 16th Avenue tiled steps, my friend and I took the extra time to go to the top of Grand View Park. It's free and has amazing 360-degree views of the entire city. We went around dusk hoping to see a great sunset but unfortunately those ever-present San Francisco clouds didn't agree with us. Plan to wear good hiking shoes as the top has exposed tree roots and dirt pathways. Bring a coat too, it's windy up there no matter how much of a sweat you break on the hike up. I could see how it might be crowded on a weekend, so go on a weekday if possible. Grand View Park was the perfect way to finish my California vacation.
Love love love!!! Decided to do some exploring around the city with my son.  Certainly beats staying at home watching the TV.  We both had a wonderful time with the magnificent views around the city.  First we climbed the zig zag stairs, which takes you to the top.  Near the end is a bench for those who want to rest or enjoy the views. To the right of the bench is a path that goes around the hill.  Watch out if ya have kids, cause there's no fence n can be dangerous.  However, walk carefully around and you will see, the GG bridge n GG park, sunset and the view of the downtown City.  As you go to the back, there are another set of stairs that go straight Down.  Whilst contouring around the hill, you can see twin peaks followed by views of the ocean n sunset neighborhood.  We were lucky the sun was out n it was a very clear day.  Will definitely go back, with visiting friends n family.  Amazing 360 views, a must see.
There's a pretty set of stairs on one side, and a no bullshit set of stairs on the other side.  I prefer no bullshit, and run these stairs for torture.  I'm not alone, either.  I once walked up here with my 35 lb kettlebell intended to go up and down about 10 times.  From Moraga all the way up, it's a healthy climb.  I did about 6 reps before I started to question my ability to walk home.  It was great.  My legs felt awesome the next day.  The top has a great view of the City.  I've walked up here with Robert during Fleet week, and we can see the Blue Angels fly all around the City without a huge crowd and sonic booms.  It's loud, mind you, bit not head shattering loud.
Get your workout in and climb to the top of Grand View Park for sweeping view of San Francisco. It's a great hidden gem with fantastic views.For a great afternoon out, bring a picnic, and start at the bottom of 16th Avenue Tiled Steps Project and admire the gorgeous celestial and sea creature tiles. Try to park at bottom of the 16th Ave steps for ease. Don't make my mistake at parking at the wrong side of Grand View Park, hiking up and over the park, and then back down to find the tiled steps. Then back up the steps again, and around Grand View to get back to my car. Sure, I could use the exercise, but I was storing up those calories and time for sunset gazing.FYI, the steps look ordinary from the top too, so it's best to start your journey at the base of the tiled steps. Take in the art, and then travel up another flight a steps up to the top of Grand View Park, and stroll your way around the top for 360 views of the city.It's a nice date spot for a picnic or sunset. Take your out of town friends too, coupled with the tiled steps for a good, local experience and views.
Thighs feeling a little on the jiggly side? Take a trip to this Sunset gem. You'll feel the burn in your legs and the wheezing in your chest before you get to the second set of stairs. Or maybe that's just me and all these restaurant reviews hitting me hard. Came here after going through the 16th Ave stairs and got a plethora of good panorama shots of northern San Francisco. Great place to sit back and talk with friends -- or just simply enjoy the fresh air. There's a good amount of foot traffic (especially on weekend when the weather is bomb diggity) so try to go on a weekday if you prefer some alone time.
This place has really gotten popular in the last 5-10 years. It used to be my secret place.First love.Best friends. Family.Future loves.Extended family visiting from out of state.Real love.All these things. All atop this hill. Take anyone here. They may appreciate the view of Sunset neighborhood and the ocean!
Good exercise to get to the top, but the view is great. I won't say breathtaking, but uh yeah it is. A stunning panorama of the sunset district and beyond. There are some benches, and rocks, could be nice for a lunch.
I credit this park for turning my crush into a girlfriend ;)This is one of my favorite places in the City. A lesser-known and less-crowded view point than Twin Peaks, this is the perfect place to bring your out-of-town visitors.I would suggest starting them off at the Moraga Street Steps below and walking all the way to the top of this beautiful park.The parking is easy, the view is gorgeous, and the atmosphere is relaxing and romantic.
This park has one of the best views of the city spanning from the Outer Sunset to downtown. The trek to get to the top requires a climb up several dozen steps regardless from what side you enter from (14th st or 16 st) but you will be rewarded once you arrive to the top (assuming there is no fog). The view is unobstructed and spans the entire Golden Gate Park which is something you can't really get from Twin Peaks.There is only one bench at the top and a couple places to really sit down comfortably and enjoy the view. One thing to note is that if you come from the 14th st entrance, you will have to walk through some sand - just an fyi with those concerned about ruining your shoes. The 16th street steps feature mosaics so be sure to check those out (many people are unaware of these steps if they happen to enter/leave from the 14th street side).
SF is abundant with beautiful parks and this one is my absolute favorite for both the view and experience. Do not forget your camera! Starting up the Moraga and Hidden Garden steps and then up the stairway of the park itself, it's a continuous photoshoot all the way--and since you'll be stopping at every corner for photo ops, you won't even feel like you're trekking up all these stairs. The view from the circling pathway at the top is most definitely a GRAND view. Don't miss this if you're visiting the city. It's rated 5 stars overall for a reason!
The most amazing views in all of San Francisco, and maybe America. Truly spectacular from downtown to the ocean.Golden Gate Heights is the hidden gem neighborhood in San Francisco.
Beautiful mosaic steps with a gorgeous view of the city. The pictures here says it all, more than a review can describe. My friend's cousin brought us here as we asked for a local hidden gem. Definitely worth a visit over the populated Golden Gate Bridge if you have already seen it. We got a lot of great photos from here!
The view here is amazing & is a must visit when in the city of San Francisco. You'll thank yourself later for making up the trek of stairs.
This place is a hidden gem! Just hiked up with my hubby and dog. Loved it, amazing views! Going to go back again to view the sunset which is going to be even more spectacular. You get a real 360 of the city up there. On a clear day like today, we saw all of richmond, sunset, downtown, golden gate bridge, etc. I am definitely going to bring my friends and family here who are visiting SF :)
Although Ironically one of the most IG'd (Instagramed) and facebooked locations in the large metropolitcan city of San Francisco, it is actually located in a fairly quiet neighborhood. The view truly is grand, as there are very little visual obstructions such as trees and buildings that may deter you from taking a great panoramic of the city. Be forewarned though, as the popularity of this place slowly rises, so do the amount of visitors, which makes all the more challenge for a tourist-free picture of the breathetaking staircase. Best of luck, definitely come in the daylight if you'd like to see the stair case.
