Sure, it may be a little like a time warp back to college, but it's a beautiful one. With sweeping views of the Golden Gate Bridge, and rolling green fields, it's hard not to like the Great Meadow Park at Fort Mason. Come here on a sunny weekend and you'll be sure to find your fair share of frisbee-throwing, tank top wearing, ex-frat guys with lots of beer, but you'll also find a wonderful park with sunsets tough to beat. In September especially, evenings here are magical.I love being near the water and from here you can easily walk down to Fort Mason or the Marina Green. It's also a great place to run or bike with trails through and around the park. With lots of events at Fort Mason and a quick walk away from the restaurants on Chestnut and Union Street, you can easily make a whole day in the Marina around the Great Meadow. We're lucky to have parks like this one in the city!
If you think I've already reviewed this park, you're right.  Kind of.  But I'll have another, less focused go at it.The dogs are friendlier here.  I don't actually know which other dogs I'm comparing these dogs to--but actually I do.  I'm comparing them to themselves.  They're friendlier when they're here than when they're at, say, Crissy Field.  And that makes sense because here they're not disturbing nature.  Dogs are domesticated animals, in case you didn't know.  I love them, I really do, but you need to realize they're not wild animals.  They don't fit into ecosystems well.  Why?  Because they've been bred to help post-nomadic humans, and post-nomadic humans don't fit into ecosystems well.  What separated dogs from their proto-dog, wolfish ancestors?  Why, their curiosity.  Whereas 99 percent of wolves avoid people at all costs, our doggies' ancestors were curious enough to get close to humans, and that's where it all started.The statues are cool.  And that weird crank next to the solar panel is almost endlessly fascinating.  The paths meander just so.  Enough to add variety to your life, but not enough to cause your then seven-year-old nephew to wipe out on his bike.  And there are plenty of wildflowers for your five-year-old niece to pick and give to your mother, who doesn't have enough room in her hair or her pockets for all these flowers.
Nice open green area in btw ocean and the town ( you can view both from here) . It seems like a nice green quiet oasis just over the hill from very busy Fisherman's W. on the way to Marina and GG bridge
Huge fan of the park at Fort Mason. Granted I live across the street so it's hard to beat the convenience, but there are great views of the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. Weekends can be packed, especially on sunny Saturdays.  There were a few days when there was more trash than receptacles, but the city recently provided more trash bins, finally including recycling (welcome to 2012?). On particularly nice days, you'll find folks drinking beer, playing whiffle ball or catch, playing with dogs or just lounging with friends. A couple weeks ago, my wife and I walked to the park and ate dinner as the sun was setting -- hard to beat on a work night!
I don't come to this park often since it is a good distance away from my house, but I am so glad I did. I came this past Saturday with a friend from school, who I haven't seen in a while and I was surprised at how nice this place was! It didn't have much there, just a few trees and just other park-goers, but that is what made it so nice to be here. We walked around just looking at the bay, enjoying the sun's warmth and other people's company and ended up walking the whole perimeter. I will definitely come more often now that I know how nice this park is.A
Because Great Meadow (see my review for Fort Mason) is a National Historic Landmark and part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, my dogs are NOT allowed to be off leash.  Wahhh  8^(Use to be one our favorite spots to play, but recently we experienced almost being ticketed because Ms. Blondie and Ms. Emma DaWgs were off their leash.  Fortunately the Handsome Officer was nice enough to give me a warning and made me laugh in showing that he had a sense of humor.  That is, after the warning he said he would only ask one last thing from me... Handsome Officer: "Hold up your right hand"Me:  Stupidly complied without thought and held up my right hand (which is kind of crazy because I'm dyslexic)Handsome Officer:  "Swear that you will tell all your friends that this is not an off leash park"Me: Stupidly complied without thought and repeated word for word . . . Only to realize he was half-way joking with me.I laughed, he lauged and so it ends.  Ms. Blondie, Ms. Emma and I walked off to greener pastures - Marina Greens.
A big open area of grass in the middle of the city with spectacular Golden Gate Bridge views. A nice retreat and place to chill during the day.There are multiple different winding sidewalks that take you places. A bike path is present. There's a few benches. Some trees. Also, it's an on leash area for dogs. Every once in awhile there will be some neat little events taking place here like moving theater productions (classical Shakespeare was the last).
Look at how people treat this lovely park. Not even trying to pick up the garbage and mess they brought with them on Fourth of July. What a waste of tax payer's money to have to clean up after these slobs.
Pretty! Can get windy though.
It was beautiful here! I love the view of the Golden Gate and it supported our charity event perfectly! There are a lot of people walking around and playing lawn games. It's nice to come here and relax and enjoy the national landmark in San Francisco! A nice and decent walk from the wharf, about 20 minutes, not many hills along the route :)
