Great place to take kids to learn about the protected waters off the coast in the Farallones marine sanctuary.  They have great programs for the public, awesome staff, educational events, family events you can plan, etc.  Check it out!  Take your school group here on a planned trip tailored just for you!  That is what we did and all the kids were enthralled with the informative and fun activities.
10/2010I like what this organization is doing for our ocean.This night was a debut for Sanctuary in the Sea, a short film about the Farallones Marine Sanctuary.  Sanctuary in the Sea was a surreal green on the outdoor screen, with live accompaniment by the Mermen.  The ocean and bay footage are amazing.    I loved the event this evening: awesome beer from the Beach Chalet and other local breweries, tacos, and amazing music raising money for a good cause.Warm, clear, weather with little wisps of fog starting to come in later while the Mermen played with the Golden Gate lit up in the background.  Memories of Ranger John's parties...  a great night on the shore in the city.
From the looks of it, this is mainly an educational facility for children.  There is some construction going on, but the "visitor center" is still open.  Aside from their own parking (limited in space as it is), you can also park in the Crissy Field Parking area and walk to this place.  I recommend reading their website before going here. The "visitor center" is at Pearce Street by the palm trees.
There is something ghostly about the Farallons. I spent a lot of time commercial fishing in that area and anchoring right up close to the main island in Fisherman's Cove at night. They are primordial in the extreme. The sight, sound (zillions of screeching birds and barking seals and belching sea lions) and smell (not pleasant, those zillions of birds and marine mammals do not use toilets) are unique. The image of those prehistoric islands looming out of the fog as you approach them is straight out of Jurrasic Park, the sea version. You expect a Pteradactyl to soar over your boat with a wriggling fish in its beak and a Megalodon to be cruising the island's edges, looking for something huge to eat.  Although I really don't like it when environmental or governmental organizations "take over" a place and start restricting access and activities, the Farallons are such a fragile environment that there is really no other viable alternative. Read The Devils Teeth (a book) if you want to get a "feel" for the islands. Fishermen rarely use the word Farallons. They are just refered to as "the islands". The Farallons' poor cousins are the uninhabited North Farallon Islands which rise nearly straight up from the sea and have never had human inhabitants due to extreme access problems. Fish, mammals and birds abound here. White Sharks too during certain times of year. My father taught me the fishing trade. He loved the islands and told me that when he died, he wanted his ashes put right where we always anchored. He was an environmentalist before his time. We never tossed any litter overboard and never pumped our bilges anywhere near the islands. Sea lions near the islands used to pull salmon right off our gear which absolutely enraged me, but my Dad kept a cool head. I actually obtained a federal permit to kill marine mammals if they interfered with our fishing gear and begged my Dad to put a rifle on the boat, but he just kept putting it off and I finally got the message. One day when I was throwing a fit as sea lions took fish after fish off our gear, my Dad said:" cool down, we'll be OK, it's their ocean too." I got that message too. My Dad passed away in the late 70s. On an unusually calm day in June, and after catching a few hundred pounds of King Salmon fishing right next to the main island, I pulled his old wooden boat into the cove at sunset and put my Dad's remains right where he wanted them. He would have liked that; a few hundred pounds of fish iced in the hold, calm weather and a night peacefully anchored in Fisherman's Cove. I now support the Farallones Marine Sanctuary Association, something I never thought I'd do. I still do not like sea lions, old grudges die hard. I think their population needs significant thinning to preserve endangered wild salmon runs, but I am not a scientist or an ocean ecosystem expert. The Farallones Marine Sanctuary Association help preserve a true "lost world"  that is only about 27 miles from SF, but is a million years back in time. The Farallons are burned into my psyche. They  resonate with some  primitive archetype that is encoded in my brain. The islands show up in my dreams. I think about them even when I am working at my "shore job" which is what my Dad called any job that was done away from a boat. Under good stewardship, the islands will flourish. I still chafe at all the restrictions that now govern activities on and near the islands, but I have to reluctantly admit that they are necessary to preserve the unique and fragile ecosystem. As you circle the main island on a whale watching or environmental cruise, tip your hat to my Dad. He loved the place, taught me to love it and he now rests there eternally. You probably need a zillion permits to put human ashes there now. Might have even needed them when I did it. My Dad was really anti authoritarian and it would have pleased him to know that we didnt get any "stinking permits", we just did what was right. Peace.
i just read an interesting article about the Farallons. Its an island that is not open to the public and houses all sorts of animal/bird habitat. its a very unique place and so beautiful... mickeys right, check out the pics.
A trip to this beautiful sanctuary will make you feel great. The beauty of these isles off the coast of the San Francisco is worthy, in my humble opinion, of a membership and\or donation to support this important work in maintaining this beautiful habitat.  Please take a moment and visit their site: farallones.org
