This is a hidden little gem in the city. I grew up in the neighborhood so have known about this place forever. Like everyone says, it's not easy to get to, but on a clear day offers a great view from the top of the trail. Just a great place to chill. Seeing that your view is of the Sunset down to the ocean there is no surprise that it is not always a clear day.
Short climb up the hill from Moraga steps to get to this beautiful scenic spot. Great place to have a small picnic on the bench at the top or walk your dog and see the entire city on a clear day. Another hidden gem of SF!
Hate to give a park an average review, but there's not a lot to this one. Plus, the access is.....difficult. One access point is on a very narrow street, and I didn't see any parking. Near the Funston Ave. access point, upon close inspection you'll see a narrow sandy trail that was getting pretty overgrown with coastal scrub-type vegetation - I saw some wild berries, even. The park is tiny and steep, and does indeed feature a panoramic view facing out toward the Pacific. I'm sure that if I lived adjacent to this park, I'd appreciate it a lot more. Still, if you don't mind getting a little sandy, it'll be worth a few minutes of your time.
Take this one with a grain of salt.  Disclosure...  Most of my riding is done in Indiana so the Headlands and Hawk Hill are a big deal to me. :)  I rode to the top of this with the great group of guys and gals from Mission Cycling.  What a great way to start the day.  Although it was pretty foggy the views were still great!  I'm a big fan of the club and the hill :)
What a beautiful area. A little patch of nature in a concrete jungle.
This is one of the most tucked-away open spaces in San Francisco and deserves to be treated with kid gloves. Please, DO NOT take your dogs or kids here, as the location includes a VERY steep slope covered with sand, wildflowers and coastal ground coverings.It only takes a few minutes to reach the top, but hikers are rewarded to huge ocean views spanning the northwest, west and south. It's a hidden secret that doesn't let you down. However, the view is much better on a clear day, so take that into consideration before venturing out there!
One of my favorite spots to relax in SF.
Hawk Hill Park is the treeless SW corner of Golden Gate Heights that is prominently visible as you enter the city on Junipero Serra.  For a long time I didn't think there was any access to this area, until I finally found a narrow, sandy trail leading across the hillside from the end of San Marcos Ave in Forest Hill.  There are no facilities here except the trail itself, the only vegetation is a little grass-and-flower ground cover, and thus the primary attraction is the panoramic 180-degree view to the south.Side note: I'm no environmental impact expert, but it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that this is a very fragile area easily prone to erosion.  Thus, while you can follow the trail to the end of Funston Ave by sliding down a steep "trough" of sand, it's better to exit back to San Marcos--I'm sure you'll make the neighbors happier that way.  Also, this area may look tempting to dog owners but I'm told there are quail here which your dogs will scare away, and besides a dog running off-trail could do a lot of damage to the vegetation and the hillside.
I went on an urban hike today, exploring new sections of SF.  We slid down a hill off Sunset Heights park, and tried to get to Hawk Hill on Funston ave.  As soon as we came to the edge of the park there were 2 red-tail hawks there- the first I had seen all day!  But there was no obvious trail.  We guiltily took the social trail, eroding some sand, and scrambling over leafless Poison Oak branches.  There was a small path along an old fence line, but that led to where the graffiti artists and teens drink 40s, with no way to get down to the middle school below.  Had to scramble over even more Poison Oak and iceplant to make it out to San Marcos Ave.  If I go back, I'll stay uphill above the old fence, and enter/ exit at Santa Rita Ave., where there is a more established social trail.
