Heron's Head is a lovely waterfront park along the industrial east edge shoreline. The primary trail is a gravel path that runs the length of a small peninsula appropriately shaped like a heron's head. There is fantastic bird watching, apparently it is a destination in the city for bird watchers. I mostly appreciate this park for the off leash dog area. I like to bring my two pups here, and the play area is big enough for my young mini-poodle to get plenty of exercise. She has made many new friends at this park! I have brought my dogs here fairly late at night and never had any incidents.
This small, hidden park was very relaxing, but its surrounding was an eye sore.It's quiet and quaint with very few presence of people around. Unfortunately, it's surrounded by a broken down pier and a smelly dam next to it.My favorite part was the long walk towards the end with a stair-like bench where you could sit and just relax as you look over the park.
Car break-ins and not so safe surrounding neighborhood.
A fantastic little park with great views of the Bay - probably different views than what you're used to - lots of container ships and industrial buildings. A hidden gem in Bayview.PS Be sure to stop by and check out the goats at the entrance to the park next door to the Bay Natives plant store.
This was park #2 on our epic 14-mile walk through the city. industriousjustice.com/2…My friend Jason B already quoted me in his review..."The Bayview doesn't have tourists." - Me Seriously though. Visit this park for a peaceful moment amidst the craziness of life.
One of the rare natural spots (or spots returning to nature) in San Francisco. I went to do some birding on my trip. There is a very nice wide boardwalk from the parking to the end of the spit. At the parking area are many nice picnic tables, outdoor learning area and everything laid out for an easy walk. Plenty of signs saying don't disturb the wildlife, keep your dog on a leash and stay on the path.It's obvious to me that if you live in SF and have a dog, you are illiterate. Every dog I saw (and this should practically be renamed as a Dog Park) was breaking rules. One wet dog, off leash came up to me growling. One was in the tidal basin retrieving a ball. Several were off trail, on the other side of the low fence with a sign every five yards saying "Wildlife Resting Area Keep Out". Many beaten paths through the "wild area" - do they know of such a thing as "Leave No Trace" (#3 - Hike and Camp on Durable surfaces, aka don't beat down new trails). Someone was kind enough to pick up their dog poop in a plastic bag which they then left on a bench for someone else to dispose.The bird life was very interesting. Lots of common west coast birds to entertain an east coast boy. I was there late Sunday afternoon, which isn't good timing and I didn't have a scope to really check out the birds. No target birds found, but it wasn't ideal timing / conditions. It was a quick cab ride from the Moscone center and then my iPhone did a perfect job of getting me back via the Muni and BART.The birds were fantastic. The people were depressing. Definitely need a Friends of Herons Head or something to take care of educating the people. The park desperately needs people being there to help explain the rules because it is obvious the abundant signage isn't being read. More signs would just be more human intrusions.
In the middle of chaos, one can find peace and beauty. a lot of work is being done to bring this small oasis of green and birds to Life, and though it'll take time it'll be a bigger reality soon. The trails are already there and though I looked for birds today, there were none but a few ducks that flew in noisily. A couple was walking slowly to enjoy the fresh air and seemed to know a lot (they advised me those ducks were mallards). Perhaps one day I will return to see if I can snap some birds! Big parking lot with a lot of descriptive signs along the trail. About 231 feet there is an EcoCenter but I didn't enter as there were workers. On the far side of the ecocenter is a picnic area complete with grilling -options and tables. Benches are located at several spots along the trail. I can't wait till the birds return!! Here's some links with more info about the park:offical park website: sf-port.org/index.aspx?p…info on the EcoCenter: sf-port.org/index.aspx?p…Field Guide to the Birds of Heron's Head: sf-port.org/index.aspx?p…baynature.org/park/heron…bahiker.com/sfhikes/hero…sfnature.org/programs/he…
Clear your head."The Bayview doesn't have tourists." - my friend EmilyAs you grab a seat at the end of the long path towards the bay and ponder life it's just you, the sky, the water and the herons.Tourists can have Fisherman's Wharf. Let's keep this one for the locals.
A bit of a hidden treasure. Nicely maintained, uncrowded swath of nature surrounded by water and some industrial landscape.
Cool spot... merging the industrial with the "natural".  Possible to see some cool birds... I saw two black oyster catchers, meadow larks and some various shorebirds... If you're in the area, check it out!  Oh they also have an "off the grid" center there that is most interesting.
Quiet, well-kept dirt and marsh park, with single main walking path that goes out to the bay. 3 grills. One dog park.Interesting views of India Basin, a train depot, a dock, and the projects.
The trails offer a great place to walk or run with your dog. The views are awesome, this place is a diamond in the rough only because of the surrounding neighborhood. The fenced in dog play area is only suitable for small breeds of dogs. The size of play area is really small, so I don't suggest medium to large breed dogs. But other then that I love it here.
Nice little bike rest stop for me. Nestled in a little hideway in hunter's point not many people know about the eco-friendly bathrooms. Fun on a sunny day.Watch your back on any other dayPS. I saw a lot of bird watchers come out here. Sad thing is I only know two birds. Great Blue Heron and the Snowy Egret. (But no rEGRET coming out here) :)
Stumbled into this park while taking a bike ride through the southern bayside of San Francisco. It's right near North Ridge and the recycling plant, and it's actually a cute little park. Several information stands talking about the wetlands and the wildlife, and also lots of nice little sitting spots to enjoy the sun and warmth (...when they're to be found). Only bummer is that it is literally in the middle of an industrial, somewhat sketchy area. Most people aren't likely to stumble upon it, and they're not likely to make a daytrip just to see it (it's not *that* impressive). Still, it's nice when you find something like this.
I had stopped by Lowes near Hunter's point with the family and generated one of those out-of-box jolts to try and experience something off the beaten path:  Hey guys, how about a park out here in no-mans-land and see if it is a little diamond in the ruff?  The place was that and so much more: a trippy experience if witnessing it behind the proper lens and proper mood.  First off, there were only a few people there: a plus when you want to connect with the sublimity of nature. In the kind of ideal experiential transmissions from Mother Earth that I always look for when partaking out-of-box gameplans, I find that the fewer primates - interpreting and judging reality in the same myopic manner our species is hardcoded to do, you having to register the impressions of their consciousness when all you want to do is merge into nature - the better.  In other words, other humans tend to reinforce within me a framework of subject-object duality that I am trying to escape via natural experiences; nature should be a solitary retreat and this place can bring you there if you come at the right times.  I walked all the way down the pathway that takes you directly into the bay.  Passing empty picnic tables ready to be used, a dock that is falling apart to the left, a wetland sanctuary on the right, great views of the bay throughout.  Wonderful , informative placards that allow the experiencer to imagine the abundant wetland world that used to be here.  You actually see the migratory birds as they live in their wetland universe, dipping their heads into its small creeks and shallow water to get their meal, the same way they did millions of years ago.  The Ecocenter was closed, but I looked in and it looked super cool and interesting, especially for kids.  The dogs ruin the place because they poop and bring dog owners with them that add to the human population.  The trip continues with the industrial park that surrounds the park - there is this one super-old plant or storage complex or something right next to it that seems like it's been closed for years:  you are immediately transported to an anachronistic industrial mood that can't be described.  There are remants of a container receiving industry, replete with their midget ATAT container receivers that pales in comparison to the massive outfits you see across the bay in Oakland.  As I drove away, towards the Dogpatch area from this park, I took the off-the-beaten-path route and passed some warehouses where the Oracle America's Cup boat was being stored.  I saw where our streetcars get repaired and are graveyarded.  FAR-OUT BRO.  Trippy mission accomplished; sometimes reality does meet expectations.
love love love this hidden getaway. it is located near my job so it's a peaceful re-energizing walk. bring a jacket, it gets windy.
