I found my thrill, on Hippie Hill. The best way I can describe 'Hippie Hill' is like.. Venice beach, minus the beach and the excessive undercover / beach patrols.. and less people (at times).Or one of the many high school / early collegiate backyard parties back in the day.. random music blaring, hacky sack, the smell of pungent reefer, 40 oz's, people dancing, loud contagious laughter, drum circles, dogs running around enthusiastically, dealers, out-of-towners, locals, finger foods and so on. It was like a modern flashback to my teenage years.. the demo-graph was that of all walks of life; families, teens, young adults and old timers.. Hippies, punks, tourists, naturists, homeless, rich, and so on.It doesn't matter where you enter, once you arrive, it's almost instinct to just plop up hillside and people watch for hours. Non-scripted entertainment directly in front of you. No remote. No tv glares. No volume control and no advertisements. You're surrounded by the beautiful outdoors paired with true nature-lovers.. creating a peaceful environment within a larger spectrum. Not only are you neighbored by folks that clearly love their city and lifestyle, but you too are enclosed within natural shades and vibrant greens, browns and blues these Northern Californian parts are home to. Match that with crispy fresh air, the smell of pine (away from pot smoke) and an overtly serene environment.. well, you've got yourself a place that a couch potato, or any adventure seeker / explorer / tourist would be quite envious of. Be forewarned.. you'll most likely be approached if sitting on the hill. Not in an 'aggressive' manner per say.. but by someone that might simply want to smoke or sell some ganja to you. If it's not your deal, just say 'No Thanks.' People aren't there to rob or hurt you. They know folks are here for a good time and are offering it in the form of smoke. It's worth a visit at least once. 90% of the people walking through here a friendly, open, or want to relax and soak it in. Hippie Hill  is an ideal resting spot for a picnic or viewing folks after exploring Golden Gate Park. It's active here!!
Saw plenty of grime today at Hippy Hill. Well, I guess you can expect grime when you go to Hippie Hill on 4/20. Probably wasn't the best idea, lots of slime, weed, and trogs. Let's just say Hippie Hill doesn't always fit the bill.
If I could go back in time and pick any time to be in the prime of my life, it'd be the Summer of Love.I like to visit nostalgic places like Hippie Hill so I can stand on the same ground as the free-love-weilding hippies of the sixties and seventies.Unfortunately Hippie Hill is not what it used to be. It's no longer a place to chill and be a hippie. It's now a hook up spot.Here's how to find the Hill:First go to Amoeba Music. Then walk down the street toward Golden Gate Park.When you go into the entry to the park there, walk down the pathway until you come to a tunnel/bridge, and walk through the tunnel.Keep going about a hundred feet until the path veers to the right.Keep going until you see a peace sign painted on the path that looks like it's been painted over dozens of times.The peace sign is directly in front of Hippie Hill.Well, you're here. Now what?This is not a place you go to just hang out and take in the park air. There are plent of other nice places to do that in Golden Gate Park. This hill has a specific purpose.Hippie Hill is one of those places law enforcement ignores. People buy, sell and consume mostly weed and shrooms all day long every day here.Expect to be asked if you are selling, or want to buy, one of the other of those within the first five minutes of arriving.Here's the protocol:1. If you want to buy, make eye contact with someone sitting on the hill. If they're selling they'll say "buds" or "ground squirrel" or something else weird and obviously not a normal greeting. Ask for what you want.2. If you want to sell, sit and make eye contact with people who are obviously looking to buy. They're easy to recognize because they're going around asking for what they need.3. If you're just there to chill out, just say so. But expect to be alone. If you want to smoke, just sit down with any of the gathered groups of people smoking and ask if you can join in. Props if you have some smoke to share.4. Don't smoke cigarettes. You'll definitely get yelled at.5. Don't sell or ask to buy anything other than shrooms or weed. This is not the place to buy crack, meth, heroine, etc. People come to the Hill with an expectation that they won't have to deal with that kind of thing and they will be very vocal about it.6. If you're smoking your own stuff, be ready to share. The Hill is a social smoking spot.7. Don't call the cops. They'll just take your report and never act on it. They know what people do here.That's about all there is to know. Have a great time!
I didn't really know what it was called when i ran into it but it left a really big impression on me and i'd like to go back and relax and people watch there sometime. Drums, sun, people from all walks life hanging out. It was definitely gross and there were definitely some shady people here but what else would you expect? Lots of crust punks, rastas, neo-hippies, old hippies and senior citizens in lawn chairs. I'm still bitter my boyfriend was too hungry to have just hung out and observed with me.
Frickin' love chilling here during a hot summer day. It's a nice place to just relax and maybe have a picnic because everyone there is just so chill and friendly, seriously one of the better places to relax in SF. There's some pretty good food nearby (of course) and it serves as a great location to people watch.Only in SF do you see legit hippies hitting the pipe, or local teens and young adults setting up hammocks and just relaxing and having a good time. Hippie Hill shall remain one of my favorite destinations in SF.
I love Big Sur.I love Santa Cruz.I have love for San Diego.I love the North Bay.But nothing quite compares to the unique wonder and familiarity that is Hippie Hill in San Francisco.I can't quite explain it - but it is home.It just feels right.It's one of my favorite places ever.Finding my patch of grass on Hippie Hill - I sit cross-legged, adjusting my Pandora station, feeling Hippie Hill's good vibes around me. I lie down on the cigarette butt  decorated landscape - head propped up on a padded vest - as my closed eyes relax beneath soft pillows of fog tipped clouds. The San Francisco sun playfully peeking out behind billowy white - I relax into the earth and let the heart of Hippie Hill manifest around me."All shall be well, and all shall be well and all manner of thing shall be well."― Julian of NorwichTrust.
Some people shouldn't have kids....WHy on earth would you bring an infant to this place on 4/20 for the 420 extravaganza?Not only was their people their selling drugs, people were there smoking all kinds of horrid substances. I'm not one to judge but would you really want your 5month fetus inhaling meth? YES I saw a man smoking meth. SO no don't bring your child here on a day that glorifies drug use!!!!!!Awful parents. But huge park. LOADS of people. Great to sun bathe and people watch and picnic. NOT good for children.
I am 68 years old from the bay area  I used to smoke cigarettes i used to smoke marijuana and I used to drink alcohol, now I am clean and sober and have found God, you cannot find God on drugs,  gods on a different page, I found that out the hard way because he's not on drugs someone else is try the devil. Try AAA or NA they can help you have  good relationship with God .
A group of friends and myself decided to go to Hippie Hill on 420 this year. Being a bit of a bohemian child myself I was really looking forward to the experience. Idk images from the 60's plagued my mind, I figured I'd find many a people like me there, I even wore one of my many tiedye dresses. To my surprise when I got there I noticed the hippies were missing! I met a few old hippies, the real deal guys, but where were the new generation ones? And was I the only one wearing tie dye??? Instead of 60's and 70s music I found a lot of hip hop and hardcore rap playing in different areas, stuff about "bitch this and bitch that"... I felt like I was at the hood and not hippie hill. All the stands were more about selling product or making food than anything else of interests. I guess I was expecting to find art, art of all sorts... I found none. Again, where were all the long haired hippies? :( I did get a few free hugs from complete strangers who were offering them. That was pretty cool. And a few people wanted to take a picture of or with me and my tie dye dress. That was fun. I ran into some cool people. There was a fight that broke out at one point, not too far away from where we were and I noticed everyone pulling out their camera to record it. I was not only disappointed by the lack of hippies, the lack of real music, the lack of art and creativity but also by the amount of garbage left by everyone towards the end of the day... I mean, wow. No true bohemian would ever do that to mother earth. I'm glad to see people looking to recycle some of the garbage and collecting cans, I did my part too, but there was just so much everywhere. Overall the experience was unique, entertaining and one of those bucket lists things to do. But it's no longer what it once was, at least not on 420, if there are any real hippies in the world left, the majority certainly weren't there. I wouldn't go back on 420, but at least I can now say "Hey, I've been to Hippie Hill in San Francisco on 420." If that ever comes up for some reason. Peace.
Not what it used to be. Scum bums are everywhere. Selling drugs withimpunity. It's an indictment on the liberal city of SF. Once a safe place is now littered with trashy people and drug dealers. They hand out all over haight street too. Not a safe place at all.
Something from the past lives on here...I loved this spot, half because of its hippie past and half because of its present awesomeness. It's drum circle, people watching galore but it's also a very welcoming, free-flowing, and inclusive space -- unlike anything I've seen in the US of A. Very peaceful and calming.I'd say it's a must stop for people nostalgic for some of the free flowing vibes of the 60s -- whether they experienced it or notThe hill itself is pretty neat -- great views of Sutro Tower and the surrounding hills framed perfectly by the tree line. Right on man, right on.
It's not just a fun time on 4/20, but on most nice days. I like taking my dog out there to run around and to just chill. You can bring some food and drinks and have a nice picnic with the beautiful back drop of UCSF and Sutro Tower. On weekends you can find a drum circle that usually plays til dusk. You'll find people tossing a baseball's, throwing frisbees, having soccer games to just twirling hula hoops.There are some homeless people that do hang around there, but most will leave you alone. I haven't had any bad experiences where I felt my safety was in question.Overall, it's a chill place for people and pets.
I can't believe there's a yelp page for this! I feel obligated to write a review.My first experience with hippie hill was seeing it from the children's playground. I was a naive child so I thought there was a drumming club or something in the city. I remember walking my dog there and thinking "wow, everyone in my city is here to enjoy some sunshine and drums"Fast forward to my teenage years, I learned what this place truly was. In high school, I told my parents I was in an after-school club twice a week. I remember being the first one out the door and practically running here to enjoy the rest of the afternoon there. This place used to be magical to me....people were friendly, I loved the drum circle, and it was a place you could do things without being harassed by police. I remember this dude would sell us 40s. I made some friends there over the years. From the fellow Jew who sold pipes (waay back in 08) to a man dubbed 'Ocean' who would sing disney songs as he road a long board. Park buddies have come and gone, but I still have 3 or  4  people there that I've know for over 5 years. I don't really come here anymore except on 4/20 or when I'm feeling nostalgic. But these days the park is filled with more old, drunk, and somewhat creepy dudes. It lost a bit of it's magic, but it will always be special to me.
I wanted to go grab some trash cans and sticks from the park and join in on the fun.  Unfortunately I didn't have time or any rhythm.  It would be fun to just chill with a picnic on a warm day and take in the vibe and ambience.
It's a hill and sometimes there are hippies on it. I have no idea who the other people are.On any given day, there's usually a group of people playing drums and stuff. When my dude's aunt was visiting, one of them let her snap a picture, and I thought that was nice.
This review is for the 4/20 Celebration only:LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the awesomeness that is 4/20 at Hippie Hill. Not only is this spot a legendary landmark, but it becomes the ultimate 4/20 destination for thousands of people. Everyone at Hippie Hill is there for one and one thing only: smoking the ganja.I can't wait for next year definitely going to get there early and go all out. Definitely will come through with a DJ speaker system, bbq, canopy, lawn chairs, a feast large enough for a small army, and of course can't forget a keg...along with duhh the bud and tons of swishers. Beware everyone is their own hustler and will try selling you anything and everything. Overall, great environment with thousands of people who are all there celebrating the same thing that you are.
Watch out for bum cum in the bushes nearby. also, no valet.
This place was crazy on 4/20. I had a great time people watching and seeing diversity at it's finest. So many open and happy people. It was a great day of no drama and good times. Gorgeous park and clean bathrooms. Only con was NO GARBAGE to be found and the bathroom took a hour to get to. I wouldn't recommend bringing kids as drugs are EVERYWHERE.
I absolutely fell in love with this hill.You really wont understand why it is called hippie hill untill you go experince the hill for yourself.It's a great way to end your trip in SF! Just a little heads up, there is a peace sign right infront of the hill. That can help when locating it.
i saw a hill, then i saw hippies. A guy was trying to start a drum circle, but he was the only person with a drum. EVERYBODY was medicating with pungent medicinals, and all was well in the universe.
it was a gorgeous day
This is the one of the last landmarks San Francisco has from its hippie, 1960s days of yore, and it's truly a very San Francisco experience. For all the yuppies whining about the weed and bongo drummers: there's a reason why this hill is tucked back behind the main part of the park, and the pathway that runs through certainly isn't advertised as the main walking road for casual passers-by pushing strollers to use. Plus, homeless people and burnt out ex-hippies deserve a place to hang out just as much as you do. So chill out, please. This place is awesome for just kicking back and people watching on a sunny, golden California day. Contrary to some of the reviews below, nobody here will bug you to buy or smoke marijuana, unless you ask for it. Granted, it's a little scuzzy but it wouldn't be the Haight without the grime.
First, it took a little while to find it. It was smaller then I thought it would be. We knew we were there when someone offered to sell weed to us. Relaxing little park. Probably crazy on 4 20. Surprised they have a little kids school right next to it.
Walking through the tunnel in Golden Gate Park to hippie hill is like walking through a time warp to 1967.  Well, not quite, but close enough in this day and age of the detached, iphone-absorbed zombies that walk among us.  The people on the hill are kind, considerate and unobtrusive.  We just happened to be in San Francisco on 4/20 (3 days before our wedding) and decided to pay a visit to the Haight and we wandered down to Hippie Hill.  What a cool experience!  So many people just hanging out, playing music, playing Frisbee, having picnics.  They were selling all sorts of things, legal and not-so-legal.  But, the prices were so reasonable for handmade jewelry and trinkets that would cost twice as much in a store.  The people were really helpful and everyone we talked to treated us like we were old friends.  It's a wonderful place to people-watch. Since so much was going on to celebrate April 20th, there were tons of people there acting a fool and having fun.  We had a busy day that day, but I would have liked to spend more time just sitting on the grass and taking in the experience.  Hippie Hill is definitely one of my favorite places in San Francisco to hang out, meet new people and take a moment to relax.  I'm sure that it'll be a must-stop for me every time come back to San Fran!
More like "Homie Hill".  I expected hippies.  Instead I got a bunch of dudes hollerin', trash everywhere, and thirty minutes of attempting to park.  Thank goodness the people I was with made my first experience at Hippie Hill a fun one, but I won't be back.
There is a hill, and there are lots of hippies. If you don't like hippies or hills, you might want to go elsewhere.I had a good time participating in the drum circle. Someone lent me some claves to play.
420 party was amazing!
I like HIppie Hill in theory much more than I do in practice.  I married into juggling.  I didn't juggle before I met my man. But now I can't stop. It's in my blood stream. Quarters. Lemons. Water bottles. Bananas. Really anything smaller than a loaf of bread that comes in threes is fair game. There are often circus performers out around Hippie Hill practicing (hoop spinners, contortionists, poi dancers, staff dancers, and other jugglers).  In theory, these should be my people.And this should be my weekend mecca.  Drummers, circus people, sunshine, lots of space.  In reality, the h8 is scuzzy and getting scuzzier.  The park is crawling with roving gangs of meth-addicted teens who hopped a bus from their suburban Portland lives to come live in a tent in the famous Haight Ashbury.  There are no hippies at Hippie Hill. And while face tattoos and pit bull puppies might seem like a great way to fit in with your new found park compatriots, it makes the Haight a much less welcoming place for those of us who live close to, but not in, GG Park.
Nostalgic era gone by and less hippie and more grunge.  Oh, did I miss something?  Since when do people beg all day long, not shower or change clothes but still carry laptops and iPhones?  Just doesn't add up...
I spent a GOOD portion of my childhood on this hill. By childhood I mean from the ages of like 3-6. But I've recently been here without my parents. And might I say: You want it, they got it. No lie. I don't care what you want....you will find someone with it, or someone who can get it, or someone who know someone. And I'm not just talking about many kinds of drugs. I mean, food, jewelery, housing. Wish you were around for the summer of love? Go to hippie hill to get a good feel for what it was like. SO many different kinds of people, all who are just accepting* of who you are, if they're even sober enough to notice you.
There are two types of people:  Dolores Park people and Golden Gate Park people.   Trust me, there is a difference between the two.  For me, Dolores is one of the places to see and be seen, loud, happening, like a big outdoor party.  Dont get me wrong, it has good qualities that sometimes i like.  But overall, im more of a peaceful, serene, let my hair down and veg out in my own bubble type.  To some these are just parks - a place to sit out under the sun, maybe meet a whole group of your friends, or hopeful of meeting new people.  No...no...and yeah, no.  Its so much much more than that.Me, ive been a GGP baby since the womb.  Ive been running a muck in this park  for yearsss and till this day i will still wander into new territory....new secret hideaways.....new sanctuaries.  Hippie Hill is the place where every color, every gender, every walk of life come into one setting and just....be.  Lay out on the grass, listen to the beats, people watch, enjoy a cold one, maybe even get a little contact high from the breeze.   Whatever you're doing on this amazing piece of lawn with all the amazing diversity surrounding you, you're no doubt relaxed.  My conversation with Jessica T. sums it up - this place is food for the soul.  And this is just one part of the park.  Do you have any idea how many other parts are just wonderful?  Oh it just gets better.  Whether you're enjoying it alone or with someone.....it makes your insides smile, your stress disappear, and your heart skip beats.
Its a cool little spot outdoor .. nice big open field in which the sun will shine nicely. Its warm and breezey . Yes we can see people on the hill smoking pot, playing drums, doing cart wheels, and whatever else it is there doing ... hey to each is own ... for me I go here for Frisbee of course ... open field plus sun equals a good Frisbee time ..But yes this spot does have a cool hippy history to it but most of this area does ... all in all its just a nice place to enjoy when the sun in shining but so is most of the city come to think about it. :)
What can I say about Hippie Hill? I always have a great time when we stop by. You will meet some really interesting people there from all over the country. And it's full of lush green grass and is just an overall great place to hang out and relax. I believe it's dog friendly, too!The Verdict: No trip to the Haight is complete without a stop by Hippie Hill.
Oh Hippie Hill. I thought it would be bigger but it's actually a pretty small hill that's between the tennis courts and the kids' playground.If you can't find it just follow the sound of the drum circle or the smell of weed. It's a real chill place with a bunch of laid-back (read: high) folks who just want to chat, smoke some weed, drink, nap or all of the above. .
The perfect thing about Hippie Hill is its convenient location to the children's playground.The Sweetness and I hit the park pretty late on Saturday, but managed to get some sun time on the hill, contemplate doing 'shrooms and watching various folks dance/drum/dread/hackey/stumble.Afterwards, he got to watch me frolic in the sandpit like an idiot with the 4 year olds.It's a wonder he acknowledges my presence in public.
THE BEST PEOPLE WATCHING SPOT EVER!My boyfriend and I stumbled upon Hippie Hill wandering around the city on a wonderful sunny day. As we approached, we heard the faint sounds of a drumcircle and stepping into the clearing, we knew exactly where we were. We posted up on the hill and realized EVERYONE on the hill was smoking weed. The drumcircle was in full motion, I mean it was getting crazy! People of all sorts were scattered about the park, truly enjoying themselves. And no one bothered us!The next day we actually decided to go back and join in on the "fun". We sat there for a few hours and laughed and laughed as we people watched. The drum circle was still in motion. This time we met a traveling couple... they helped make this experience unforgettable. I'm Hippie Hilled out for a while, but will be back soon... maybe next year :)
Ahh..a great way to spend a sunny day with friends, some beers, and a little snack. Drum circles, frisbee players, dogs and their owners, hula hoopers, pot smokers, parents and their kids, travelers, etcetera, there's always a diverse crowd that makes for some great people watching.I even enjoy burnt out hippes coming up to me and reminiscing about the '68 and 'hustlers' trying to sell their buds or hemp jewelry. If you're from out of town, it's a great way to get a glimpse into the city's diversity.
This is, like, awwwwwweeeeesome maaaaaaaaan.I saw a guy sitting alone eating handfuls of Honeycomb. He knows what he's doing.
My first time at Hippie Hill occurred during my first real trek through San Francisco. Picture this: a bright-eyed, bushy tailed kid moves here from Ohio and is living in San Jose thinking "Man! San Jose is awesome! There are palm trees and the roofs have red Spanish tiles and it's so warm all the time. I've hit the jackpot!"Little did I know about that little city up north (not to be confused with "that state up north" which we will not speak of in this review). So I start making some friends and one of them encourages me to come spend the day in San Francisco with him. I've been petrified to visit since the thought of driving and parking in SF makes me want to crap my pants. But since he offered to drive, I went for the ride. Throughout the day, we did the following things: walked around the Panhandle, walked through the Haight, climbed to the top of Buena Vista park, walked to the Mission, ate at El Toro on 17th and Valencia, and finally hung out on Hippie Hill. If that's not a real introduction to San Francisco, what is?Hippie Hill was everything I pictured San Francisco to be and more. The circle of drums! The crackheads offering me pipes and brownies! The abundance of green space to spread blankets, play frisbee and fling my shirt on to the ground while flexing my ridiculous abdominal muscles!(People think you can't have a 16-pack... but you can.)It's a great part of Golden Gate Park that everyone should experience. The sounds are so calming and relaxing that you'll find yourself struggling to NOT nap when the weather is warm and the sun is bronzing you're pale fog-induced skin. Instead of finishing reading this review, pack up some food, wine and friends (as long as they're small) and head over to Hippie Hill pronto. And stay away from the brownies. Just bring your own. Milk chocolate are my favorite.
I absolutely love places like this - places that define true San Francisco. I love going here and listening to the drums and watching people on a sunny afternoon.
The hobo contingent has certainly taken over here.  From shitty drum circles blocking the pathways to the casual of passing of tweak pipes,this is San Francisco.  They can't drum...and meth isn't going to help that.  I've also found used needles in the grass...And usually a street kid will come by trying to sell you trees, oxy, etc.There are better spots in the park to kick it...this one just needs a fire or hurricane to clean it up and maybe normality can return...
Chattering against a manWho sings to an unresponsive crowdWhich makes you wonderHow long has this one been around?There are none dancing, cheeringOnly talking, lots and lots of talking.Stories of life and goodbyesNot even his friends care to stay inside.One more song he plays,"Music Sucks"Geez,I'd rather hear the quacking of dying ducks.He knows nobody caresNot even I.For you lie, because,Music doesn't suckJust yours.
- The drum circle has been continous since 1961.-  Yeah, I'll take a Haigth of chron, to go please. -  Is that hippy chick breast feeding her nine year old?-  Tai Chi frisbee....why not?-  Hey, that dude just stole my longboard!!!!Ahhh, hippie hill. You are missed, you dirty, dirty girl
Great place to score some weed or watch angry bums get drunk and mooch. Also, if you don't know what you are doing this is a great place to get ripped off when buying some herbs. Other than that, this place has had a lot of history. Janice Joplin once sat in the tree on the way to the hill from MC Donald's for an album cover. Countless people have dropped acid here.Every once in a while they have free concerts here.
Sorry I dont enjoy Meth gone wild, the 60's are over .Get over it.
A place where I can buy edibles without a card? I'M SOLD!But a place that is also filled with dirty hippies, trustafarians, vagrants, etc... Gotta take off a star.A place that is unpredictable in it's distribution of the green. Another star.I love the "rebellious" spirit. If by rebellious, repeating your grandparents youth. But tally ho hippes!I'm gonna go get some plastic surgery now.
Reading the other reviews of Hippie Hill, I have to smirk. San Francisco is such a funny mix of people. While some enjoy the funky ambiance of this place, others are almost repulsed by it. You've got folks who would rather sip their lattes in peace at Dolores Park than have to be bothered with the unpleasant smells of their fellow denizens. San Francisco, you are a snooty old hippy that has "made it" and for this quirky frightening contrast I  love you.Any odd, Hippie Hill is a fun place to visit, if for no other reason than it's unique character. You will be offered drugs, there will be the namesake hippies. Expect a drum circle and dogs running about.Not a bad place at all, in my opinion. Yes, the gutter punk kids are a little bit of a nuisance, but that's the city.
I actually had a conversation with one of these "hippies" - and no it wasn't just to solicit certain herbs and fungi.  He & his girlfriend have two dogs that are actually quite clean and well maintained, and yes some may find them both a little scruffy but they were interesting people who have just as much right to be here as anyone else.  Just like Bay to Breakers, the Folsom Street Fair, Haight/Ashbury, etc - They were part of what makes San Francisco colorful, crazy, dirty, psychedelic and fun.  Maybe most "hippies" today are a shadow of their former selves, no longer eschewing society in protest of the war in Vietnam or society's other ills.  But, they're still an integral party of California's culture (or counterculture?). For me, hippie hill is a lovely place - everyone here seems so carefree, from the little children chasing each other around the playground to the drum circles peacefully entertaining everyone.I was here recently on a gorgeous day, sitting on a raggedy blanket with one of my best friends from New York, commenting on what a cool place it is & how much we love San Francisco because of places like this :)
I've hung out here a bit over the years.  I think it's wise of the city to let it exist.  It seems shady at first but there are friendly folks amongst the tweeked.  On weekends drum circles spring out of the fog; a big one will have at least 20 drummers, several dancers, and a hundred others.
It really depresses me.When I first moved to San Francisco, I bought a couple of slices of pizza from someplace on Haight Street (Escape from New York?), walked to Stanyan while ignoring the demands of teenagers sitting on the sidewalk, and ate on the grass on Hippie Hill.  It wasn't a terribly enjoyable experience, mainly because I was hassled from the moment I walked out the door with pizza until I had thrown the little cardboard box away.I had no idea what I was doing or where I was, so it was actually a pretty good unbiased introduction to the wonders of Hippie Hill.  It's useful as a landmark, and I'm glad it exists for the, uh, hippies to hang out here; but in general, I don't like it.
I love this place!We just had a picnic here on a sunny Saturday and had a great time. It was the kind of picnic where you laid out lots of picnic blankets, brought coolers full of beer, and food to munch on.They don't allow bbq grills over here but there are bathrooms nearby. I loved that it's such a large space leaving plenty of room for multiple soccer games, lots of other families/groups, and of course plenty  of hippie drum circle action on the hill itself, which mostly just adds to the ambiance. I haven't found the sketch factor to be too high here at all despite others' viewpoints. I actually find the sketch factor to be high along the Haight St. sidewalks...but that's a whole 'nother post.
One of my Favorite places to go.When it's warm I enjoy going there to people watch.Lay out in the sun, listen to the drum circle and have a little catnip.Some people may say that there are nothing but homeless folks and drug dealers in the hill area. If that is how you feel , just keep on walking and go sit by the conservatory of flowers. It's a big park. -Simon the Cat
A YES in San Francisco. That is all I have to say.
Your visit to Haight-Ashbury/GG Park is not complete without a visit to Hippie Hill!I don't know what all you people are talking about in regards to the meth/crackheads. These are not accepted drugs on Hippie Hill. In fact, the one time I did see some bum light up a crack pipe, all the other bums around descended upon him with cries of "Hey, you can't do that here!" "You're ruining all the good vibes, you need to get out of here!" and he was promptly evacuated from the vicinity.And, though it is always a good idea to look before you sit, I must say that I have never actually seen any needles in the grass.
A fun stop while in San Fran. It's what you think it is.. except it overlooks what seemed like a day school... interesting.A very San Fran experience.
Hippie (noun): usually a young person who rejects the mores of established society and advocates a nonviolent ethic. Sadly, that was 40 years ago. Today the word hippie seems to have become synonymous with being a methed out/cracked out/pilled out homeless street kid who owns an untrained, ill-behaved dog.  And because of that, I tend to frequent the numerous other wonderful places that GG Park has to offer.
I hate Hippies.A group of us, six or so, as far as I can remember, took a stroll to Hippie Hill after going to one of those choice street fairs on Haight.We figured that the wait for Cha Cha Cha's could be better spent doing some recreational activities in a public park.This was my first experience at Hippie Hill and I was, I'll admit, a bit taken back by the fact that you genuinely can just light up right in the open - wow, this is fucking random.There were dreadlock sporting, nag champa wearing, hippies that brought their full-on glass bongs to the park.  A group of kids playing the harmonica, I shit you not, were all toking on a two footer in the middle of the afternoon.So, here's my funny story:  Two gay male friends of mind we're enjoying the earthy scene with the rest of us and we hear one of them say, "Chris, stop doing that to my finger."  Chris responds, "Doing what Sean?"  "Chris, I know it's you, what are you doing - that feels weird" . . .  by this point we're all staring at Chris and Sean.  Sean moves his hand and we all look down only to see a mole poking its head out of the hole in the ground where Sean had his finger molested for the past minute.  Wtf?  A mole - who does that shit happen to?Anyhow, it was pretty entertaining, moles look kinda purple too - so you learn something new every day.One SF experience I will never forget, nor the attack by the mole.Even kinda made me like Hippies - shhhh
Fun stop in our one day visit to San Francisco. ;)  It's exactly as you would expect. Man I wish I lived in California..
Homeless HillTweaker HillLet's go shit in the bushes HillLet's go intimidate the elementary schoolkids playing soccer Hill
This is a place were you can see what happend to the quality of lifeand what the liberal politicians has done to San Francisco. first of allthe play structure is the biggest and best in SF, including a merry-go-round (Fri, Sat, and Sun only) many family enjoy the sun andand the kids love to climb on the new play structures.  now the BAD side, hippie hill which is behind the play structures, it has a very nice park  very big ,but the cops/politicians just allow homeless, drug users, squaters and our never shower citizens to basically take over as they please. watch your kids if you take them to the park side they may step on human waste, needles or a homeless camp.
I felt like I was stepping into another wold when I went to Hippie Hill.  But a wonderful, drug infused, care free world.  My two friends and I laid out to catch some rays and people watch, really.  The best part was that there was a huge drum circle going on with about 40-50 people participating.  So cool!  People were openly smoking weed and drinking booze.  And wierdly there was no police anywhere to care.  I am in LOVE!  Lots of people were having picnics or playing frizbee.  One of my friends was a little freaked out because she is not really the hippie- loving, free- spirited type of person.  So maybe don't bring your conservative parents here.  But I absolutely loved it.
I think I would need years to compile my thoughts on Sharon Meadow a.k.a. Hippie Hill. There are a lot of different elements going on simultaneously. You can keep to yourself all you want or be outwardly social. You can keep it cool or get into a whole lot of trouble. You can get drunk and stoned and whatever else or stay sober. You can go when it's sunny or overcast (although sunny is better). And you can probably catch a scathing case of some kind of parasite walking around barefoot, but if that's your thing, plenty do it. I've seen some of the craziest people in my life there. I've also met some really good, down to earth people.I really only go for the drum circle. There's something mesmerizing and transcending about it. When I first moved to the city, I felt nervous edging into that circle and borrowing a drum. Now I come, get right in there with my OWN instruments and forget about everything but the rhythm. The rhythm of what is up to you. But, listen. It doesn't bode well to jump in there playing some rhythm from left field.To me it's a very unique cultural experience - something that has blossomed out of this American society because of and for many reasons. It's also taught me a lot - that we're all playing a different beat, with a different instrument, yet it all comes together, because...well, that's what we do.In African dance, traditionally the men drum and the women dance. There are established rhythms and dances. However Hippie Hill is all free-form and improv - in fact it's encouraged - but there is still an element of that drum and dance thing. The similarities and the idea that something like this has risen up in this culture really blows me away.
Sometimes the music is bad and the people lack boundaries, but overall it's a good place to lay out, feel more well mannered than the general public, and do as you like.Plus, even if it's not your gig, there is almost always someone slinging hash cookies for ~ $5, talking about how they're made without wheat and blah blah blah.
Figures. My last weekend in SF is a gorgeous one. Sun shining brightly. Slight breeze. Warm air. Figures, my last weekend here would be so fantastic as to make it as difficult as possible for me to leave....Anyway, one part of my fabulous final weekend was a picnic in Hippie Hill with a few friends. Since it was so nice out (slash, I was a moron and couldn't find the bus stop despite living here for 2 years) I walked here. Took me a good 25 min or so, but such a nice walk. I had a turkey avocado from nearby Oak St Cafe in one hand and (since I no longer needed it) my cardigan in another.I followed the sounds of the drums to Hippie Hill, joined my friends, ate my sandwich, chit chatted, people watched, listened to the music, threw around a frisbee and enjoyed good company and sunshine. When it's nice out this part of the park is awesome, because of all of the above. I'll miss it.
A classic spot to people watch, smoke, and chill out in Golden Gate Park. The meeting ground for many free spirits. Cheers!
hippie hill is such a great and peaceful place.  I would definitely recommend visiting while in San Francisco!  We spent an afternoon laying around listening to live music and watching the people dance... couldn't get any better :)  Maybe bring lunch or a blanket for absolute comfortability levels.
With 4/20 coming up pretty quickly I figured I'd take a second out of my Friday afternoon to write a little blurb about a place called hippy hill. You all know where I'm talking about. The place just a little bit after the cavernous tunnel by the stanyan entrance in GGP. If you've never been there you'll know your getting close when you get hit up numerous times by dirty park kids to buy "heady nugs." What the fuck is a heady nug anyways? I mean I understand that they're trying to push some dank onto me but what exactly makes this herb "heady" is beyond me. But I digress.Nothing like chillin on a sunny sunday afternoon with a couple Fosters fat cans that you got from Sunshine Liquor, some heady nugs (lol), and a couple friends. I'm particularly looking forward to this Sunday (4/20) when a few friends and I will be throwing a little shindig out there called the Anti-Disco Rally. We'll have a few dj's playing different styles, a bbq, a keg of beer and of course plenty of dank to celebrate the occasion. Hit me up if you want some more info or just show up and say hi.
You don't go to Hippie Hill to find good times, good times find YOU at Hippie Hill! (If you know what I mean. hehehehheeeeeee)
I don't like hippies.  Sorry, but thats the way it goes.too much meth, too many homeless kids and my compassion turns into some something else.  I wish I could help, but I can't hang out here
It's all about the drum circle! Unless you're REALLY into drumming, dancing or just enjoying the rhythm, don't bother.If, however, you're a drum circle aficionado, you'll not want to miss it, especially on a beautiful day. On a good day there's more soul and musicality than Venice, and it's much less grittier. On a great day, well, it's pure transcending magic. Free. No facilitator. You may want to turn down the wine bottle however, when hep C Harry passes it from his toothless mouth.
Another world very sunny and peaceful that why bums and drugs addicts come here.  Watch were you're walking
What's there to say about a small grassy plot? Well it's good if no one else is around so you can enjoy some privacy while reading a book, mind the adjacent tennis court noises. Hopefully you encounter sunny skies but your chances are slim. I don't watch dogs or people often but I read that this is a good spot to do so.
I stumbled upon Hippie Hill again today, a long ago and far away place to one who is nearer retirement than high school.  I'm not sure what made me turn in that direction today, as I was just out for a walk in the park with my dog, but I was in a mood for a change of scene, and here was good old Hippie Hill.Hippie Hill of today is much the same as it's always been, an intriguing convergence of people on their way up, exploring the possibilities in life, and people on their way down, self-medicating themselves as they hurtle towards a sadder fate than Hippie Hill.  At twice the age of most of the inhabitants, they naturally assumed I must be desperately seeking drugs, and while I received more solicitations for herb than in the past 20 years combined, the overall environment was friendly and relaxed.  While Hippie Hill is a festive place, with lots of happy, dancing people enjoying life, there's an undercurrent of fear and desperation in some, and that casts a shadow on the fun.  My daughter is now the same age I was when I first ventured here on my own, and if she decided she was going to take up residence here for a time, I'm sure she'd be OK.  But there are clearly those here who need help, and like so many other people in this town, they are falling through the cracks.
Hippies and nunchucks are not a good combination. Especially when said Hippie is high on some substance and has a chip on his shoulder. Most of these so-called Hippies inhabiting the aptly named hill in Golden Gate Park are peaceful, pit-bull owning, bongo drump beating drug dealers. They mind their own business and might hassle you for a pharmaceutical sale. We have spent many Wednesday evenings playing kickball in their nearby presence. Lazy Sunday afternoons drinking in the park with them. And I might even know a few of these dirty hippies. But to the one hippie who showed me his fine display of nunchuck skills as he wacked my north beach pizza box out of my hand. I am bringing my bo staff and psi next time. TMNT your ass!
I will preface this review by saying that I used to like being around the sorts of crack(and crank)heads, hipster douches, fake ass gutter punk hippies, and random selections of drunkards, but that day ended quickly. Like one of the reviewers said "Over it"I would rather go relax at Speedway Meadows or go watch the Buffalo do nothing than sit around the crowd at Hippy Hill.On a side note. After 9/11, a group of friends, maybe 15 of us, decided that this would be the place to go. It was crowded as hell with all kinds of people united in peace for at least half a day.
Walked in from Haight and met a kid named Mushroom... It was cool and free-spirited and just a laid back scene. Being from NYC, I'm very familiar with homeless people so it was no big deal just don't be stupid and nothing stupid will happen.
This is a city, and this is San Francisco, so it would only be appropriate that Hippie Hill be an eclectic mix of people and interests.  There are guys playing with the hackey sack, people smoking pot, a group of amateur musicians jamming in a circle, people selling jewelry, hoola hoopers, guys with pot brownies,  bicycles randomly riding around, families, homeless people, Frisbee players, tourists, young mushy couples, high schoolers looking for drugs, and everything you can imagine in an urban park, going on here.  Yeah I wouldn't wear my Manolos here, but I would wear some comfy flip flops, bring a blanket, a cooler of iced tea and beer, lay out enjoy the sun, and people watch.  Even though it's right on the edge of the Haight, it's not as bad as I had imagined.  It was an eclectic mix.  if you don't like to deal with the homeless people, ignore them, they won't bother you.  And you don't have to take the drugs offered. Just do your own thing. The beauty of such a place as this park is that it is free of judgment, and you can do whatever you want to, without worrying about looking cool or not.I think I was the only girl there with an LV bag, and Chanel sunglasses, yet I no one stared at me for being slightly overdressed (hadn't planned on going here) and once I stopped worrying about whether people were staring or not, I had a great time with my friends from out of town...........Can't wait to bring my patchouli loving boyfriend here.  He's gonna love it.
Hippie Hill's official name is actually Sharon Meadow and you can find it here on this map: sfgate.com/traveler/grap…. On Saturday and Sundays when it's warm, tons of people head there to play. It's pretty dead during the week so definitely come on weekends.It's fun to get together with a big group of friends and lay down blankets/sleeping bags. We bring coolers of beer and snack foods to munch on. I bring my little dog and he gets to run around with all the other dogs. Oh and btw there is usually a huge drum circle going on at the base of the hill. It's probably about a hundred people just drumming away. Tons of people hula hooping, doing yoga, playing hackey sack (is that how you spell it??), and smoking mysterious things too. Keep an eye out for the truffle guy. He sells home made truffles that are heavenly. There are more quiet areas in GGP but this one is the place to go if you want to lay out in the sun or people watch.
Want to catch up on your latest novel or just rejuvenate under the big yellow sun in harmony? Well then this is the place for you! Fun place to go on a warm sunny day. Enjoy live tribal beats from members of the community who bring their own instruments to create harmony. Friendly people everywhere who are either hoola hooping, smoking a fat one, drinking a cold beer, practicing poi, or just simply taking a nap. You name it that person will be there. If you just like to watch people then this is the perfect spot for you. Watch out though, with all good there must be bad people too. Some people are a little more messed up then others. If you want to try a new tea then this might be the cup for you. Think herbal! :)
I don't know about Hippie Hill the rest of the year, but on 4/20, I would rather be no where else in the world.
