A hidden historic gem!!!The pier is near Ghiradelli and houses some historic boats. It is free to walk down there and I think you can pay to get on the boats. Historic and a nice walk too.
This is a National Park Pier full of historical seafaring vessels.  They have Tall ships here.  I remember my first time walking down Larkin Street on my way to work at The Cannery.  "OMG, I work next door to a Pirate Ship."  ...  alright, it's not a Pirate Ship.  It's the Balcutha, an old square-sailed ship dating back to 1886.  You'll also find the lumber scow CA Thayer, the Alma, which took cargo through the delta to Sac, and the ferry-boat Eureka.  Access to the actual vessels requires a pass (which, they do on a one-week basis - brilliant) but you can come by for free if you just want to smell the salt air and day-dream about the past.I would say that given that this place is a National Park in the middle of a major (The) City, it is one of the places to put high on your list of places to check out.  I love the sense of history.  I love the view of The Bay.  I love thinking about these boats sailing.  I love the water, myself.  This is a place you can stroll around and learn why The City is The City.  SF is so diverse and has an amazing history.  This is such an insight into the maritime world that that made us who we are.  They also have a terrific gift store called KingSpoke.  I would say you should definitely visit this and the SFNMHP Visitor Center, too.  It's way better than you would imagine.  Great historic portrayal of the development of SF.
This is a cool little spot to check out some of the ships that are docked at thee pier. If you want to get onto the ships, you will need to pay a nominal fee. We opted not to board any so we did not purchase tickets. On a sunny day, the pier is a beautiful short walk. It resides next to the aquatic park so you will see swimmers and paddle boarders nearby. You can hear the seal barking from the pier so if this is your first stop, make sure you make your way over to pier 39 to check them out!
Dead center in the waterfront San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park (next to touristy Fisherman's Wharf) is historical Hyde Street Pier. Before the world-famous Golden Gate Bridge opened, it was busy Hyde Street Pier which was the primary ferry connection for San Francisco with Sausalito & Marin County.PLANNING * Open 9:30 am - 5:00 pm (last entry 4:30) * Open 7 days a week except Thanksgiving, Christmas, & New Year's Day * The Pier is one-block from the Powell-Hyde Cable Car Line terminus  * It's between Aquatic Park and Fisherman's Wharf * Entrance fee: $5; Children under 16: Free * FREE days are a good alternative (2014 dates below)   --- MLK Day (Jan 20) --- Presidents Day Weekend (Feb 15-17) --- National Park Weekend (Apr 19-20) --- National Park Service Birthday (Apr 25) --- National Public Lands Day (Sep 27) --- Veteran's Day (Nov 11)HISTORY * Hyde Street Pier was built in 1922 for automobile ferries * The ferry route between San Francisco and Sausalito was part of U.S. 101 * The Golden Gate Bridge (1937) & Bay Bridge (1936) effectively killed the ferry systemTOUR INFO * Six historic ships are docked at the pier for you to explore --- 1886 Scottish triple-mast square-rigger Balclutha --- 1890 sidewheel paddle steam ferryboat Eureka (currently closed) --- 1895 wooden-hulled schooner C.A. Thayer --- 1907 steam tug boat Hercules --- 1914 English paddlwheel tugboat Eppleton Hall "Eppie" --- 1891 schow schooner Alma * Guided tours are available, but the schedule varies * You can easily explore the ships at your own leisure * Maritime Voices is a free phone tour option using your cellphone --- 8 stops with 28 total recordings --- Dial 415-294-6754; enter the tour number and # --- Or get the PDFs of the text for each from nps.govHyde Street Pier is a relatively inexpensive way to explore some historical ships while learning more about maritime history plus life and adventure on the high seas.
This pier has a great location right near fisherman's wharf on your way to ghiradelli square. There were some cool pieces of history in the pier but overall I wasn't very impressed with it.It is free so if you are looking to just walk around then it's good. Most of the pier was cement so we had no problem with a stroller but next time I think we will just walk right past the pier and spend more time at other locations nearby.
Really a neat little walk down the pier. I've walked the Fisherman's Wharf up to Ghirardelli a million times and never actually taken this little detour. There's no admission to walk down the pier. There's a bunch of historic boats docked there, some being renovated. You can buy tickets to get on some of the boats, but my six year old and I just strolled the pier leisurely looking at all of the boats. It's a neat little ten minute free diversion!
Ok, I have to admit that I have never been a paying customer here, but I LOVE the free section! There is a nice little beach with a beached row boat for kids to play on. There is also a little bit of shade on the beach. The best part is the public restroom! It can be so hard to find a bathroom in the city, so take advantage of this rare gem!
Great place to learn some maritime history. They have several old boats you can go on to learn about their role in history.
Great place for kids and families. Beautiful vistas and friendly shops. You can walk on remodeled old ships and galleys with an admission ticket. There is a boat building shop the pier which is pretty cool to check out.
Picture the mid 1800's when San Francisco's population grew from 1.000 to 30,000...the exciting prospect of seeing the Gold Coast and all it's opportunities of wealth will make one endure a long trip out on the sea worth risking their lives for.Hyde Street Pier is an amazing time travel experience along with the NPS maritime museum located in the Argonaut Hotel.  My kids have been here so many times yet they never tire of it.  They love playing "pirates" on the Balcluttha. The NPS (National Park Service) also offer academic and docent tours led by very informative Park Rangers. They even offer sleepovers on the Balcluttha for schools/organizations.  In addition to the Trading Ship Balcluttha they also have smaller but fairly interesting vessels that sailed over a century ago. My kids marvel at the thought of travels via water ways and the time it would take to get to their destination. I frown  upon the thought of scurvy and improper hygiene. But oh, the adventures in the high seas...Drink up me hearties, yo HO!
***I never knew a national park was located here (Hyde Street Pier); the good thing is that this is a very inexpensive national park to visit (the pier is free and boarding the historical ships is only $5); the bad thing though is that the pier is small, a little uninteresting and in ways seems like an extension of the touristy Fisherman's Wharf next door; maybe exploring the ships will deliver a more worthwhile experience***This is a very busy area; pay parking structures are located nearby.
If you have any interest in boats or maritime history it's worth a visit.Remember it is part of the national park service so hours are limited.There is a gate, so you can't just go anytime.You can wander the pier for free, but you have to get a pass to go on the historic vessels.My favorites are the 1886 square rigger named Balclutha, he lumber schooner, C. A. THAYER built in 1895. and the tug boat named Hercules. Take advantage of a guided tour or daily activities.  There is a board in the park with what is being offered or you can search by date on the website.  Aquatic Park, Ghiradelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf are all in close proximity.
I don't know if I had on a "You look like you know what's going on!" face while I stood in line for the field trip to Hyde Street Pier but, seriously like all these strangers who didn't know why 200+ people were crowding in for this event gravitated directly to me.  My +1 friend kept laughing at me cause she didn't quite understand why I was the only one getting asked and entertaining all these questions. Anyway getting back to why I'm writing this:Hyde Street Pier Field Trip...old boat, classic cars, plenty of drinks, and photo bombing!  Honestly, probably would have been better during the day so I could see enough to take more photos.
I was one of those annoying tourists that the locals complain about.  I stayed one block away from this pier, and every morning I would pick up my Starbucks (just can't get rid of my bad New Yorker habits) and walk along the pier to take in the bay view.Speaking of the view... it's amazing.  The misty water in the foreground, set against the green/grey mountain landscape in the background.  If I were to live in San Francisco (and now I'm very tempted to move here), I would want to live in this neighborhood.  It's also the only one with a Starbucks.  Like I said, darn New York habits.This is a great photo opp with the historic cable cars that stop at Hyde.
Don't let the tourists have all the fun - if you live anywhere near the bay, go to the Hyde Street Pier, and see a few reminders of California's 19th century past. I've always loved this place - when I lived in SF I frequently braved the crowds at Fisherman's Wharf to tour the many historic ships/boats. The staff (rangers! With real ranger hats!) are great - take some of the tours and learn about life on the water in the bad old days. There's something so appealing about the musty smell of the Balclutha - a combination of paint, wood treatment, and age. For a special occasion, spring for a 3-hour tour of the SF Bay on the Alma, a lovingly restored schooner, and if you're up for it, you can even help hoist sails and do some other basic work under the supervision of the captain, park rangers and knowledgeable volunteers.  On your way out, stare longingly at the map of pre-Golden Gate Bridge ferry service and fantasize that you don't have to get on an overcrowded BART train to get back to the East Bay.
TIME PORTAL ON THIS PIERSee how goods and cars transported themselves around the Bay Area before the bridges. Terrific vista for great photos of the City by The Bay. Relics of ships that numbered in the hundreds that once provided means of transportation up and down the West Coast. The walk on the Hyde Street Pier is free.  Boarding the ships is a step back into history and well worth the small price of admission..
This is my child's favorite place to spend an afternoon, period. To board the ships, admission for children under 15 is free and for adults, $5 and the pass is good for a week. We go so often that I sprung for the annual membership (a skinny $20) which has already paid for itself twice over.Rainy days, sunny days, fog or wind, it's a guaranteed good day for my 4 year old when he goes to see "the ocean ships." Especially for adults, the views, particularly on the deck of the tall, masted ship, the Balclutha, are stunning. This is a great place to renew your romance with the City and to take your out-of-town guests for photo opps they won't get on any postcard.
Walking down fishermans wharf I ended up at Hyde street Park. It's MLK day and all the old ships are free to board! Went on the ships and it's just amazing history. Seeing how things were back in the days always peeks my interest. It's great to see things were and how far we have come today. It's a great place to brings family and kids. And it's only $5 and free for kids 15 and under
We were very surprised by this pier, specifically the  floating museum that was the Balclutha.  You get to see almost every part of the ship, and the videos aboard it are very interesting and informative.  There is something magical about walking aboard a ship with such history.Remember, if you have a national park annual pass, you get in for free!
One of my favorite walks in the city is through Fort Mason and the Maritime National Historic Park while taking in the views. Hyde Street Pier is a nice stop and where I catch my breath before tackling the city's hills. It is nautical, nice and absolute free if you stick to the pier and don't board the ships. There are also nice public restrooms near the entrance. You laugh, but these little amenities are important when you are visiting a city and don't want the hassle of Fisherman's Wharf. Since the pier juts out from the shore, the views of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz are particularly nice. There is even a free cell phone audio tour of the area. nps.gov/safr/planyourvis…
The Hyde Street Pier is a marvelous place to stroll and learn more about  the city's maritime history.   The 5 stars is for the sailing adventure on the Alma, their 1890's scow schooner that has been beautifully restored.   Staffed by friendly volunteers and a park ranger, the ship goes out on the bay for 3 hours, a journey well worth the $40 regular price.   Those prone to sea-sickness need not fret- the boat is very sturdy with a smooth ride that is still quite fun.  Just don't forget to bring your SPF30 cream if the sun is out, like I did, doh!
It was nice to return here after last visiting 40+ years ago.  The museum has nicely restored many boats and barges.  Go for a walk along the pier and view shipping history over the past 150 years.
Great Pier, One of my favorites in SF. It is a tourist trap, but you know that within the first 30 seconds. beautiful views of the islands / alcatraz. GREAT people watching also! Parking was a nightmare, so I strongly suggest to grab a passport and take advantage of those trolleys that run until midnight!
On the beach.Let OceanLab take you there: youtube.com/watch?v=7F5j…Let San Francisco take you there: People swimming. Children playing. Boats sailing. Golden Gate Bridge sparkling. Sun shining. Our very own beach vacation in a city that makes life feel like one big vacation.
The pier itself is fantastic, just a rude state employee (Debbie) who happened to be taking our money, put the wrong taste in our mouth and insulted my wife and I.   Government employees need to understand that tax payer money and tourism is the only way these places stay open.  Debbie needs a class in hospitality or she will drive away a lot of money.
This place is one of San Francisco's hidden gems. It's a little off the beaten track and closes early. I've been here about 3 times and it never gets old.The historical ships are fun to explore and discover. The beautiful views of The Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz and the San Francisco Skyline are an added bonus.
Best kept secret are the restrooms. Never a line and always clean. At the entrance on the right!
A great way to get a glimpse back in time of SF through the last two centuries.
Hidden and overshadowed by the Fisherman's Wharf on one side and the Ghirardelli Square on the other. But I love the anchored ship that has flags from all over the world. Really cool!The Italian restaurants selling calamari, chowder and ciopino aren't so bad either...
If you love old ships and exploring historical preservation sites, this place is for you. There's a couple empty shits to stroll though but not much "wow" factor for me.
Not a whole lot to do if you don't take a ride on a throwback ship. The pier is historic and scenic with great shot of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz available if they're not obscured by the tall ships. The pier itself isn't very long and it's close to the Powell/Hyde Cable Car.On most days, it's extremely cold and windy here, so dress accordingly.
Neat boats. Friendly and knowledgable staff who show the exhibits. Really enjoyed this immensely. Highly recommended!
This pier, with its historical ships, can be enjoyed at different levels.You can take a nice walk down the pier and enjoy seeing the various ships along the way, enjoy the spectacular views and marvel at the adventurous swimmers in the bay--for free .It's nice break from the tacky looking souvenir shops along Jefferson St. in Fisherman's Wharf.Or you can make a day of it. First, go across the street and see the exhibits at the Visitors' Center (in the Argonaut Hotel building) which orient you to SF's nautical history. This experience is free and really first rate. (Also, good bathrooms and water fountain.)  Stop at the desk to inquire about special tours and activities for the day. We learned that there would be a 2:15 tour of the magnificent tall sailing ship the Balclutha.Back across at the Hyde St. Pier, we purchased our $5 tickets. (Kids are free.) This gives you permission to board any of the ships. You can explore a lumber hauling ship, an old steamboat ferry, a houseboat, a junk--just a great array of the different kinds of sailing vessels that frequented the SF waterfront. The Balclutha, though, is the crown glory of the collection. A National Park ranger gave the 2:15 tour. Took about an hour and was really fascinating. Note: all the ships have stairs to navigate, so they are not really accessible.Tip: We avoided the high priced Fisherman's Wharf eateries and had one of the reasonably priced, hearty breakfasts at the historical Buena Vista Cafe, just a block away.Highly recommend spending some time at the Hyde St. Pier, matey!
Not a bad stop on the touristy trap that is San Francisco's fisherman's wharf.  I suppose the tall ship (whose name escapes me right now) is the coolest.  The car ferry is historic, I suppose, for its service before construction of the Golden Gate Bridge, but after all, it's just a ferry.  Kinda boring.  There was nothing so compelling as to make me want to buy tickets to board the ships - it was enough to walk along the quay and just take a look.
What could be more SF than attending a Chantey sing on Hyde St Pier?  First of all the setting on the pier with all the old boats and great view of the waterfront at night.  Secondly, an esoteric activity related to SF's history of seafaring.  Thirdly, the diversity of folks that participate.  Fourthly, the generosity of spirt and warm beverages.  It's definitely worth checking out at least once.  For those who cringe at the thought of amateur singing be assured that all the lead singers can carry a tune and that the audience only sings along for the refrain which is not difficult.  You may even have a laugh at some of the bawdy songs that come out after 11 PM.
this is a great, if not a little unknown/under appreciated, national park. it's a little bastion of some of the best culture & history of san francisco.muse over the city lights on the gently listing deck of the balclutha. watch historical reenactments. sing a GD chantey. talk about sextons and diesel engines against a backdrop of foghorns and alcatraz. hit the head. go back in time.
It is so odd, living here for almost 15 years and to think I never came here!?! Historic ships, docked on the bay (for reals, this isn't dry docked) and lots of historical relevance... Great for kids and adults! $5/ admission (good for a week, should you choose to return) - wasn't even too busy on a weekend and the views were awesome of downtown and alcatraz. (kids get a hand stamp, admission is free with the adult).Lots of interactive exhibits and props, most of which you can actually touch, and educational to boot. (yawr! Pirate boots!) It is a little scary to bring a toddler since on some of the ships the only thing keeping you from a fall into the bay is a rope or two. Just be super cautious, please. No strollers please. I saw one parked at the entryway of the tugboat and seriously.. one was enough to block most of the entrance, can you imagine a sea of strollers? No thanks... Parking is impossible without paying a fortune in this area, I wouldn't count on snagging a street spot (which would cost many many quarters in pocket change anyway and a huge risk of a parking ticket if you stay over time.) I would park off of Van Ness, or in the marina, and then take MUNI over to Ghirardelli sq.
Thank God the Hyde Street Pier exists.  The ships are beautifuly restored and it's so much fun to walk through these vessels.  What many people don't realize is that this pier was THE way to cross through to the north bay before the Golden Gate Bridge came to be.  And as cool as the 'pirate' ships are, you can see the ferries that would transport thousands of travelers a day from SF to Marin.  This is a great way to spend an afternoon for pirate buffs, knot buffs, transportation buffs, and seagull buffs.
Definitely a nice "OOh, look at that" place, and it helps that it's the go between from Fisherman's Wharf and the cable cars leading back to downtown.  definitely stroll worthy
If cheap fun is what you seek look no further than the ADMISSION FREE chantey sing aboard the historic sailing ship Balclutha on Hyde Street Pier. From 8pm to midnight on the first Saturday of every month you and yours can climb aboard, sip FREE hot cider/hot chocolate/hot coffee and join in with National Park Rangers (and a great many sea chantey nerds) as they lead several rounds of sailor's work songs, nautical inspired folk tunes and other varied galley jams, the bawdier stuff gets aired in the wee hours. The ship Balcutha itself is open for exploration if you tire of singing and multiple breaks between chantey sets ensure a sunset on deck (provided the fog allows it, naturally). Did I mention this is FREE?!Visitors are required to make a reservation: call 415-561-7171 and leave your name and number of your party. Your info will be on a list at the gate of Hyde Street Pier where waiting volunteers grant guests entry to the otherwise closed attraction. Bring your accordion, your fiddle, your fife, your wife and all your youngin's if you please, but leave your wallet behind as there be for it no need!
Free, fun and interesting! Great views of the bay and cool history in tons of different old ships, tugboats, and ongoing projects.
It was a chill place to stroll around--the line for the trolley cars? Too long. But it's a good place to walk and talk and see random felines perched on boats.
A lovely sunny Friday it wasMy dad and I taking a walk by the water just becauseand came across this love pierUs landlubbers gave a cheerFor most of the pier is free mind youIf you're feeling boat-ish, it'll cost you 5 clams per crewTo see historic boats and where commuter boats once dockedAnd now a gathering place where tourist flock.5 docked boats.  All shore!
The other times I had been to Fisherman's wharf I had never really paid attention to or walked down this pier.  This last weekend I happened to do it.  It was pretty cool.  I got a to learn a few historical facts, see some old boats, enjoy the nice weather, etc.  It was not very crowded (on the Saturday I was there).  Was worth spending a bit of time checking out.  I probably wouldn't do it again though, unless I was bringing some kids along.
Looking for cheap things to do with your kids in the city?  Hyde Street Pier! After getting gouged for a sundae at Ghiradelli Square, you can let the little buggers work off their sugar buzz by climbing up and down steep stairwells and looking at all kinds of cool old nautical stuff. It's only $5 for adults and kids under 15 are free! Well worth the price (a way better value than those sundaes). Here's the kicker, if the kids want to go back the next day and look at the ships again, like mine did, go ahead, your admission is good for seven freakin' days.
Love the view of the Bay! Nice park areas and places to sit and enjoy the sites. Also not far from the shops.
While I'm not a huge fan of the crowds near fisherman's wharf, I must admit I love this pier. It's a great place to walk off the calories consumed at Ghirardelli. Living in the Richmond district, I can fully appreciate the nice sunny weather this place usually gets. The ships are great to look at; the plaques tell you some of their history, and occasionally you'll come across a lesson on how to tie some random knot. Overall it's a wonderful place to spend an afternoon in the city.
As a card-carrying resident of one of the top tourist destinations in the U.S., I am required from time to time to host out of town guests.  Invariably, first-time out of towners (OOTs) request a visit to Fisherman's Wharf.Please.  God.  No.I have a diversionary tactic --- Hyde Street Pier.The conversation goes like this:OOT:  So when are we going to go see Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf?ME:  (when hell freezes over) We're going to a pier on Tuesday.OOT:  Oh, this is great!  Aunt Marge asked me to take lots of pictures.ME:  Yeah, Aunt Marge is a demon for pics.  Oh, did I mention where we're going for dinner tonight?  OOT:  *immediately distracted*  No, where?Tuesday morning:OOT:  *stuffed full of brunch and primed with a couple of mimosas* So where are we?ME:  This is the pier.OOT:  Really?  Wow, it doesn't look like I imagined.  I expected more shops and -  ME:  Oh look, there's the ticket booth.  Let's go see the ships.  Isn't this cool?OOT:  Wow, this is cool --- you must come down here all the time.ME:  You have no idea.On top of everything else, this is a great place for kids, your admission helps support National Parks and it really is at the beginning of Fisherman's Wharf so you are not lying to your guests.  Hooray for misdirection!Oh, and my father LOVED the tall ship.  That's five stars right there.
Cool spot to discover.
we were out on the bay on my aunt and uncles boat and of course the chicks had to pee. lol we docked off here to use the restrooms and it was soooo clean. Very nice view also
What a wonderful discovery. Admission to the pier itself is free. You can walk along and see the historic ships up close. But for $5 you can actually go on each one and learn so much about the maritime history of San Francisco. There are guides to answer your questions. Hubby and I seriously enjoyed ourselves for our 2nd visit to the pier. You cannot go wrong with this attraction for adults and children. A wonderful hands on learning experience.
For $5.00 bucks you can walk inside the historical ships. Takes you back in time.  Awesome views all around you, little beach right there, restaurants to boot. This place would be a good place for a date.
It's a great place to stroll through and look at all the boats docked there. Besides the Balclutha (ginormous 1800's ship) there are plenty other boats there to see. Like the steam ferry boat or tug boat. There's another boat called Alma that you can board and sail on the Bay in.We went specifically to see the Princess Taiping, a Ming dynasty replica junk. A lovely, colorful little boat that the crew sailed over from China. Man, this boat is tiny! I wouldn't want to be on a boat that small for, I think, the 69 days it took to get here. Then they're leaving at the end of October to sail back to China. Good luck with that. Better you than me.To walk on the pier there's no admission. To board the boats, it's $5 for adults, kids under 16 are free.
Your tax dollars at work in a well-conceived, fun, educational setting.A great place to take almost anyone who visits you.Kids will have an amazing time just climbing up and down the ladders and trying out the bunks in the restored old ships.  This applies whether they're 5 or 15.Adults can read all of the interpretive info and check out cool things like the video of the old salt reminiscing about his days on the boat.   The views from the pier are great and if you don't feel like learning anything, you don't have to. Just kick back and enjoy the scene.
This is my respite to boring meetings at Fort Mason.  We had a couple meetings here that lasted all day... up looking over the pier.  My only reprieve was gazing longingly down at the tall ships, pretending that I am a pirate, and ARGH'ing and being swarthy and screaming "AVAST YE".Thank you Hyde Street Pier... you kept me sane with your beauty and lent yourself to my fictional folly!!!!!
This place is great.  The boats and exhibits are quite interesting and the gift shop has some neato items (including a great selection of sea chanteys).  I second Jay H's review of Chantey Sing -- lots of fun, and it's FREE!I also enjoyed the Tugboat Tug of War during the festival.  (The festival's signature ale is nice too.)
I grew up close to the ocean and I spent four years sailing around the world when I joined the Navy. So, yeah, I love ships. I have visited this place numerous times and it never ceases to thrill me. Now you can walk out on the pier all the way to the end without paying the $5 although you must pay that fee if you want to go aboard the ships. Five bucks to go on the Balclutha? Built in 1886 in Glasgow, Scotland? Yep. But that five bucks is also good for any of the other ships..the Hercules, a 1914 steam tug that plied the Bay, the Eureka Ferry, which went far and wide around the Bay, carrying passengers and cars, the C.A. Thayer is usually boardable but right now it is going through a major retrofitting and you can only look. One 'vessel' which was never opened to the public is the McGinnis' houseboat, built in 1895 and formerly moored over in Sausaltio. All these beautiful period furniture is on display inside. Then there's the 1850's building called the Tubbs Cordage Building. It's no bigger than the house boat and used to be situated over on the waterfront near Potrero Hill. Lots of history lies here and there are special events which go on all the time.
Such a fun lil spot to view all the tall ships and boat houses and vessel related. My friend got married on the tall ship but unfortunately I missed her big day! Saw the photos and they were beautiful!! Such a romantic and beautiful setting, I'm sure....Nevertheless, do go out there and check out the pier, it's supposedly a National Park site too.
Pretend you're a old timey sailor and take a trip to Hyde Street Pier.   The boats are from way way WAY back in the day.  You can pretend to be a tourist and go visit the Maritime Museum or just walk down the pier and check out the ships that are docked at the pier.  Some are open to the public, some aren't. BUT!!!,,,,,,,,Nothing beats Chantey Sing!!  Once a month they conduct a sing along on one of the ships from 8-midnight.    They sing old songs that sailors used to sing to keep time on the ships.  After 11pm comes the dirty songs...didn't stay for those though next time I will.Arrrr Matey!!  Aw yeah...how juiced was I when one of the old skool men started singing a song about a PIRATE!!!  It was fun.  It was hilarity.  It was sailor sing-a-long!!!  Check it out one night...fun times.  And they have free hot apple cider to drink at the break.
My lady and I love to view the tall ships, quaff some mead and sing along with the lusty Chantey Songs like the seafaring pirates of YORE!! :)
My first foot on a sailing ship in San Francisco ... or at least, a former sailing ship.  Hyde Street pier is home to various tourist attractions, but if you go on an "offpeak" day, there's actually a few things worth seeing.  A few years ago, a local theater group put on a production of "BILLY BUDD" on the sailing ship, which was quite excellent (and won several Bay Area theatre critics awards).  I know, it's touristy.  But if you have tourists in town to entertain, and they have kids, this is not a bad choice.
This is a wonderful place to bring kids. You can wander around the old house boat and real ships. There is a bunch of interactive, educational stuff all over, too. You can learn about pulley systems, tying different kinds of knots, and what life was like a century ago. I kind of stumbled upon it on a sunny day and had a really good time.
The Hyde Street Pier is a wonderful piece of history unfortunately situated right by the worst tourist nightmares in the western world. Still worth a trip. Sports three vessels: a steam tug, a paddle ferry, and the last commercial cargo sailing ship to operate in California. All three are amazingly cool and interesting, and it costs $5 for admission to all three (though if you're unfortunate enough to drive, you'll pay a lot more than that for parking). The tours are free and fun, and add a greater sense of history, as the volunteer docents seem to know their stuff and have lots of great stories to tell. One of SF's best tourist attractions that isn't a tourist trap.
we loved this place!  i think it was the highlight of our sf trip.  just be prepared if you're prone to sea sickness.  i started feeling a little funky when we were down in the hull of one of the ships.
