This is a remarkable little Mini Park.  It is nestled against such spectacular surroundings, you'd never even think to notice it.  This little Mini Park is almost the anti-amazing attraction in a sea of amazing attractions.(Quick Explanation)Amazing Attractions located nearby:  *Lombard Street*The Cable Car*Views of the entire Bay, including:  The GGB, Alcatraz, Angel Island, The Bay Bridge, Downtown, The Pyramid, Coit Tower*Sterling Park and the Alice Marble Tennis Courts*Pretty much the best neighborhoods in SF*The actual Bay is right down Russian Hill+Plus, you might meet me or many other great Yelpers while you're out and about.I like Hyde and Vallejo Mini Park because it provides a very relaxed natural feel that is situated between two buildings in a neighborhood environment.  You can sit here and feel like you have your own space and feel very removed from the hustle and bustle of The City.  SF is a great City full of great people, but some space is a good thing too.  This areas is landscaped going down into a lot that should hold a good-sized house.  There are mature trees on each side of the open space (6 on one side, 4 on the other).  They also have two decorations I find amusing - Tibetan Prayer Flags, and a little cement Pig.  In both cases, I love the colorful perk they give to the space.
Super cute minipark tucked away at the top of Russian Hill close to Lombard St. More of a neighborhood thing. Just a few other people while I was there - one walking a dog and another having lunch. Benches in the shade and sun. Very quiet and peaceful.PS The photos from Kristin F are of the wrong park.
Proper measurement.Very mini. Will take longer to write this yelp than it will to walk in and back out.But that doesn't make it any less of a park. More charming perhaps. And sometimes the best things come in small sizes.Urban oasis can and should be found everywhere. Like here.
This mini park has it going on! Its in the perfect neighborhood and its set back on Hyde which gives that secret, hidden, exclusive vibe. I like to people watch and enjoy walking up the hills to get here. You go mini park!
The Hyde Vallejo Mini Park is located on the west side of Hyde and tucked in between two residential buildings.   A somewhat strange little spot in this neighborhood...It's basically a short paved walkway lined with trees that opens up to a circular area with benches- oh and it has a metal tipi play structure, go figure.Overall nothing spectacular about the spot.   However, I'm always a fan of any part of the city that is public and park-like.  So if you happen to be in the area and want a quiet little space to sit, read, or snack in the shade plop down on one of the benches.
A park uniquely San Francisco.  when the market is crashing and you tendernob (lower russian hill) folks could use some time with teh flora and fauna, head down to this mini park to clear your head.but don't tell too many friends, because the SF Fire Marshall probably wouldn't allow more than 4 people in this park at one time.  not a spot for those suffering from claustrophobia.
i love the term 'secret garden'. I use it all the time. the husband and I walk everywhere and I'm always gaulking at peoples houses, noticingy anything unique like a pretty front door, stained glass windows, cute address characters, architecture and since back yards seem to be a rareity in our beautiful city i love when i notice any type of small hidden walkways to a back yard of some sort. "Oh, Secret Garden!" I'll proclaim and imagine some beautifully landscaped back yard sanctuary, with flowers, a small lawn, possibly a fountain, a bird bath... when in reality it's probably a tiny slab of concrete with a few plants boarding the fence that has another tall building looming over it looking directly into their not-so-secret back 'yard' of a space. (or such is the case for our back 'yard'). Anyways, this tiny park is the perfect secret garden. Very small and hardly a real 'park' as in only about 3  people could sit in it without feeling like you're in someone elses territory, but a hint of nature in our loud busy city. The cable cars cross in front of it, but it dips down below road level and feels like the perfect place for a tiny shady picnic. I like to sit here for a few minutes before or after a workout or walk or something, I just pretend it's my own little secret garden escape.
