If you're lucky and end up having the park to yourself (which isn't too unlikely), this is one of the best places to just hang out and read with an excellent view and the sound of sea lions in the background.I love just chilling here.
This park is more of a vista lookout than an actual "park". It's pretty much a staircase to an incredible 180 degree view of the bay, Alcatraz, the Richmond Bridge, and most of the GGB. Unlike the Filbert and Greenwich Steps, this series of steps is pretty mild. I was able to snap a few photos on a clear day that are very pretty!
Hidden gem and totally worth discovering (& climbing the 64 stairs!)  The view is absolutely incredible.  Even with the fog/haze today we were able to see Alcatraz and the piers.  There is honeysuckle growing along the stairs so it smells amazing.  There are also low-hanging trees, ivy and plants growing over the railing, all of which just adds to the ambiance and makes the tiny park feel quaint and secretive.  Also, check out the homes in the area around the park - gorgeous neighborhood.  Definitely worth finding if you're in the area.
I love discovering mini staircase walks and "parklets" as I wander around San Francisco. You can reach Jack Early Park by heading straight up Grant, as you head out of North Beach. It's a quick set of tree lined stairs that wind up to a vantage point that allows for great views of the Bay Bridge, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate ( if you turn your head a certain way.) It's pretty hidden and never crowded. I enjoy resting here and soaking in the views. Excellent place for quiet and contemplation. Stop along the stairs to admire the landscaping and flowers, tack it on to other urban explorations and Jack Early Park is  well worth checking out.
Like Rayna A says it's not really a park but a hidden staircase that goes to a lookout with a view. There is a bench at the top to enjoy the view and locals hang out there during lunch. The entrance is on Grant St. if you come up Stockton there's a sign that points you through Pfeiffer St to the entrance of the park. From the lookout you can see the GG Bridge, Richmond Bridge and Bay Bridge. It's not super high but has great views to the north of the Peninsula. You can practically see into Sonoma.
Google gps took me there lol as i was on my way to get my haircut lol accidentally discovered this place.  Nice view and quiet neighborhood. But I guess the residents there won't appreciate that many unsolicited visitors lol.
Dead end staircase with a view!  It's not really a park, but more of a hidden lookout and resting site for all to enjoyI run up here on my way to Coit Tower because there are a fair number of stairs to get your blood warming.  Once you get to the lookout, there is a beautiful view of the Bay.  It's not the best view, but it feels secluded and private.  Also, there is a bench, so you can sit and chat, eat, make-out, whatever.    Note: I wouldn't hike up alone at night, but definitely check it out on a sunny day.  Unless you're going for the stairs like me, it's not really a place you probably want to see more than once.  Special note: if you see a blue log hanging in the corner - don't trip.  It's just someone sleeping in his hammock.
Is there anything this city doesn't offer? The most mesmerizing view of the bay, from which you can see the three bridges of the northern bay, are only to be had here. A+, I LOVE YOU SAN FRANCISCO.
I love this little place. After reading what others have mentioned, I have never encountered any condoms, bottles, or any other people for that matter. The first time I came here was when a friend brought me while I was depressed over my ex-boyfriend. haha. and the second time i came back was yesterday, bringing my boyfriend here (yes, the same ex-boyfriend i was sad about the first time).Anyhow, I love the steps up to the "park", reminds me of something that would be from secret garden or something. i also love the view from up here. oh and a side note, i LOVE the mediterranean style home and also the beachy-contemporary looking house right behind the park. but other than that, i love this little place. such a cute little place to just come and sit, relax for a bit, take in the scene... and it's a place im sure not very many people know of... but i'll share it with others, since i would want them to see it too.
I led my stair tour in this area of SF. My friends and I went through over 15 stops and over 3000 steps in a day.This was a nice walk up the many steps to a secluded point to see the view. This day had a couple enjoying themselves, then left when we showed up. We then left when another group came up. There really isn't a lot of room for over ten people.
This is my most favorite park in the city, why?  For many reasons:- Because of it's beautiful views of the bay.- It's small & secluded (the perfect way to get away from the busy hustle bustle of the city life).- My husband proposed here .. I'm biased, so what :) - it was PERFECT!There's a small bench at the top of the steps that's good for roughly 2-3 people.  You can't find a quieter public place in the city like this, it's one of a kind!
Ok not great. certainly falls under the "only in San Francisco" category. Hardly a park, more of an observation post. 2 small seats to sit which is nice, the view is good but very limited and obstructed. Not hardly worth the time walk to it, as parking is really really horrible. I think your time would be better spent going up to coit tower, which is a couple of blocks away.
A beautiful, secluded little spot with a nice view.  This is where my now-husband and I got engaged.  That day, the sky was clear and fog-free, so the view was at its best.  It was a weekday, and for the entire 30+ minutes that we were at Jack Early Park, there weren't any other people.  I imagine that on weekends or holidays, there would be a greater likelihood of bumping into other people.Don't expect to entertain children here for very long -- it's not what you would normally think of as a park.  It basically consists of a plaque in the front, a long stairway to climb through a tree-lined area with benches along the way, and a viewing platform at the top (with seating).  The stairway isn't too difficult or steep, but unless you take breaks, most people will be panting heavily and have burning glutes & trembling legs by the time they get to the top!
This is a park you wouldn't know existed unless you made a special effort to find it. I'm pretty sure it's the smallest park in San Francisco, and if not, it is certainly one of the most secluded.Up a few flights of stairs off Grant Avenue is a small viewing area sandwiched  between the backyards of houses on Chestnut and Francisco Street. History says it was privately landscaped by Jack Early when the space was deemed by the city too steep and small for the city to landscape it. History doesn't really matter once you climb those steps. You can see Alcatraz and Pier 39 before you and hear the sound of seagulls in the distance. Best of all, it's so private that you can sit for 20+ minutes and not be interrupted. It's the perfect spot for having some pastries, taking in the view and sharing a romantic rendezvous. There's not much to do, but you go for the view and some peace and quiet, not necessary to have anything to do.
This is probably one of the most hidden, cutty little gems of the city.  It is surrounded on all sides by tourist destinations -Coit Tower, North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf- and yet it remains for the most part unexplored and unknown...and honestly it's great that way.  The small and steep bit of land it occupies was apparently deemed unfit for landscaping by the city, so a resident of the neighborhood by the name of (you guessed it) Jack Early spent 25 years bringing this sweet little urban escape to fruition.It's a wonderful place to impress visitors, friends, and romantic interests.  One of my favorite things to do when coming here is to stop by Liguria bakery and get some oh-so-delicious focaccia bread, take a seat on the bench at the top platform, and enjoy the view.  The only draw back to such a lovely and secluded pocket is that when the park is already inhabited when you arrive it kind of ruins the mood for you -and probably them as well. Even though it is a bit elusive, all you have to do is basically follow Grant Street almost to the end until you pass Chestnut, then look on the right side of the street for a plaque next to the stairs to help tip you off to its existence.   And as other reviews have noted beware the locked gate.  It is supposed to be locked at dark and then opened in the morning but sometimes it remains closed even as daylight pushes on.  Though the gate is pretty easy to hop if you (or your date) are up for the easily surmountable challenge.  I would caution going up there if you happen to be drunk though -first for the danger of climbing, and second because Jack Early Park is very residential (and very rich residential at that) and they may call the cops.   Overall an amazing little slice of beauty.
What constitutes a park? I don't know and I don't care because the place has incredible views. At first glance Jack Early Park doesn't appear to be anything more than  a set of stairs that leads to a platform nestled between homes on a hill. You can only fit a few people up there and it's a very private area. .A friend and I came across it while we were on a walk and it's a really cool place to stumble upon. I'm very happy I found it this place.
Everything you've read about the seclusion and privacy of this spot is true. I sat there for about 15 minutes and didn't see anyone at all. Very peaceful.But it's also very small, and I got bored quickly. I prefer a place on Russian Hill. Not gonna give it away, though you can probably figure it out.
Cute little place to get a spectacular view of the city.It's secluded, which is somewhat nice, but also.. I happened to see a used condom and about twenty or so 40 bottles. Classy.
Best park in the city.  Meditate on the slow moving cargo ships in the bay, far above the tourists jumping out of their shorts at the bush man at pier 39, listen to the bark of the sea lions wishing they could join you, and spend all day there, watching the lunchtime office workers worry about their money over deli sandwiches before hustling back to their fluorescence, meeting a random tourist or two, climbing over the (tiny) fence at 4am to chat with some like minded late nighters.  Best park in the city.
Round & round she goes, where she lands nobody knows.Place your bets folks.  Visiting this tiny vertical roofdeck is like a game of roulette; you just really don't know if it's going to be open or not.Question to ask yourself when you reach the locked fence:  To hop/not?Of the 3 times I visited, it was only open...once.  It's a tranquil yet tiny spot to sit and catch your breath after the several flights of stairs.  Walking around the NB neighborhood is also worth seeing.  3 stars for never being open when I visit.
What a gem.  Not the easiest place to find since the entrance is just a plaque next to a small set of stairs.  But the view is incredible when you get to the top.  When we went up, there were 2 other tourist couples who also found it from their guide books.If you're near Pier 39, this is a must stop on clear day.  You can see both the Golden Gate and Bay Bridges, Alcatraz and across the Bay to Oakland and Marin.
After a flight of dead-end stairs, I reached a lookout point with two wooden seats with a great view of the bay looking in the direction of Alcatraz. The stairs and lookout are not lighted so I advise coming in the afternoon on a bright and beautiful day like yesterday.
Talk about a secret. Though it's called Jack Early Park, it's really more of a little viewing platform rather than a green space.I was new to the city, just aimlessly wandering around Telegraph Hill on a gorgeous day, when I just happened to see this random little stairway shaded by trees, winding up into an area up among the rooftops. 20 steps, and there was a view of both Golden Gate and the Bay Bridge. The second time I tried to find it with a friend months later, it took me like 40 min to figure out where it was again, and of course find parking (not easy around there)...elusive little bugger. But yeah anyway, there might be better views in the city I suppose, but this is a unique vantage point, and it's just one of those places that makes you feel like a real SF insider if you know about it. Good yelp material, ne?NB It's also locked up after dark, so go during the day of course
I'm considering meds -- forget talk therapy.  I'm getting enough hours of sleep at night, but every morning is fraught with the dread of another day of catch-up at the office.  I can feel the bags under my eyes bulging, and every time I lay down or have an idle moment, emails and chapter numbers flash into my consciousness.  I occasionally make the effort for repose, try to focus on breathing or looking at my surroundings, but I'm haunted by this stupid paperwork, and my promise of sticking it out for a few more months is wearing thin.Wandering around like a zombie away from its grave, my lunch was a long walk today.  I wanted to avoid the crowds, the usual turns -- anything I could sleepwalk my way through, as I had to keep my mind engaged and off work.  What I dreaded most was that my strategic obscure turns from street to street would meet a co-worker.  That would have been the end of me.After standing at some corners looking up at trees, avoiding the sunny sides and the schools, I eventually realized that I had been encircling the same place many times, just on a different route than normal.  Really, the epicenter was still the office (if a bird were to trace my route over the hour).  I just wanted a shady stoop or a bench where I could dedicate a few seconds to deep breathing and temporarily losing consciousness before I headed back.  But I'm a nervous loiterer, and feared a daytime resident would shoo me away with a call out onto the street or to a relative or figure of authority.I saw a familiar corner leading back, defeated, and reluctantly inched down towards it.  But to my side halfway down the tip-toed block was a plaque, and a stairwell, leading up to delicate trees and a blue sky with sparse clouds.  I expected big dogs barreling down with an owner in dark glasses and sneakers right after, or a couple dressed in corporate garb on a secret getaway for a smooch, their electronic security badges dangling out of their pockets.  No such person was found resting on the consecutive tiers of small benches, to the final platform.And there it all was -- a large shipment of something important ambling by in the bay, the two bridges, the hazy homes on the other coasts, the views into what appeared to be empty homes.  I half-hoped for a mysterious person to be staring out a window from one of these homes, a person who would read my face and invite me in forever.  But the whole time I occupied the narrow paradise not a soul crossed my path, and for a while I did get that unconscious sleep where what flashed across my mind were past relationships and random scenes from TV stored in my brain.  Eventually those visions were taken over by the chapter numbers and the emails again, and I hurried off down the familiar path back to this wretched place.  But I'll return soon and hope I am the only one in this situation.
Jack Early rocks for being the perfect Telegraph Hill aeyrie from which to view Magical San Francisco Bay.  A tiny winding garden-strewn path leads you up the narrow flights of stairs to an open platform garden from where you can pivot round and bask in the glory that comes from personal viewscaping... on a perfect day the sky and sea mirror each other in deep blue and the sounds of the city waft up laughingly from wharf, embarcadero and north beach alike... run up and down as much as you dare, Jack Early park I'm so glad you are there.
It's been years since I've been here, but when I worked in the neighborhood I would walk up the stairs from Francisco and Kearny, grab a sandwich from Freddie's on Francisco and Stockton, and eat lunch in this tiny secret "park".Views of three bridges (Golden Gate, San Rafael-Richmond, and Bay Bridges), the wharf, Alcatraz, Angel Island, Sausalito...
I don't want to be a hater, but I can really in good conscience only give this park 4 stars.  The best part of it is that it feels like a secret and is very intimate (especially if you have to climb over the fence because it is inexplicably locked on a Sunday morning).  The views provide a whole spectrum of bridges (Golden Gate, Bay, and Richmond), Alcatraz, Treasure Island, an island that may be Angel Island, and Pier 39.  We could even hear the sea lions.  But the view to the southeast (like, of the Ferry Building, for example), was totally obstructed by trees, and the straight ahead view was dominated by a harbor, which I guess some people are really into, but it just wasn't quite I was hoping for.  Not to say that I'm not into the park.  It's a really fun hidden gem and I'm sure I'll be bringing people there in the future.
nice quirky hidden spot. The park part is cool but the 10x10-ish platform sitting above the trees with an amazing view of the bay is what makes it.  Think Coit tower but you're in a tree house instead of a giant phallic symbol.
