We came into SF early for a nearby birthday party and needed a place to hang out with our 1.5 year old toddler before lunch so was referred to this park by a friend. It was exactly what we were looking for. There were three age appropriate play structures for various age kids surrounded by gravel/sand, two sets of swing sets including a full set of infant/toddler swings, and a separate sand pit. There were a number of places to sit down to watch your kid or a few benches to eat a snack. The pathways had some of that rubbery surface which is a bit padded. Nearby basketball, tennis, and softball fields. Seemed to have a bathroom I think as well as a nearby garden. All fenced in. Plenty of parking. There is a whole foods nearby as well as several restaurants although the nearby restaurants may not necessarily be geared towards toddler preferences. This certainly was a worthwhile place to hang out and play for our late morning in Potrero. We would come back here in future if we are in the area for another engagement.
Such a great park in the middle of almost nothing but warehouses.  This wonderful surprise is rather large and includes 2 baseball fields with a kids playground and garden all on one. there is plenty of room to lay on the grass and watch the clouds roll by or if you feel like it, hop on a bleacher and watch the game.  great for sunny afternoon lunch breaks or the grab and go coffee.
For over twenty of my formative years, this was my evening hangout on many a foggy weekday evening. Playing on a few softball teams in the Park and Recreation leagues, I was fortunate to both witness and play in many epic games on this field. There are two softball diamonds(yelp.com/biz_photos/uPtp…) that are used for most playoff and championship softball league games. Obviously, this is testament of the well groomed grass, even surface, and fair fences. My favorite memories here are: a) winning one of our first playoff games in an epic playoff game against Delancey Street with their fans (busload) cheering against us in extra innings (27-24). b) catching a throw from my third baseman under my left armpit on the pitcher's mound.. c) first base umpire calling one of my players a b-tch. d) playing several heroic Nikkei league games against the city's best teams. Besides making numerous new friends, it was a time to catch up with old ones. Our team often joked that the games were just preludes to "Where we going to eat after the game tonight?" Sorry to disappoint, but my team wasn't big on drinking. There is a small clubhouse area (yelp.com/biz_photos/uPtp…), some open basketball courts, and a children's playground area (swings and other apparatus)(yelp.com/biz_photos/uPtp…). During the winter months, neighborhood locals will play soccer on this field, though metal cleats are not allowed. Let's hope that the next generation will keep this tradition of exercising, socializing, and enjoying days or nights in our city parks.
Honey badgers rock. I started playing softball here for a co-ed team so my review runs roughly around that. As far as public fields go this place is decently maintained. The grass is cut, the mud stays down, and when you have the fields the crowds are usually respectful of who has the reservations. While there are restrooms I would not suggest using them unless you happen o be a brave soul that doesn't feel the need to bathe in sanitizer after such an excursion.There are tennis courts and a playground that appears to be teeming with children at all times, however there is a distinct lack of seating for the number of people who show up for weekend games. Parking never seems to be an issue but public transit wise this park is a journey. Overall for a place to hit the ball around or play a little soccer it works and isn't overly crowded.
This is a beautiful neighborhood park that I've never discovered before.  I went here to play tennis with my girlfriend and found the park well kept, kid playing in a bouncy playground a neighborhood garden, and a neighborhood pick-up basketball game.  I was totally charmed.  We were downwind of the Anchor brewery, and the smell was a bit intense for a bit and the wind was a bit strong -- but this is San Francisco.  Nice job Jackson.
The grass area is not a public place. You have to pay to be there. I want to slack line in the corner. I'm being told i need to reserve and pay for a permit to have my girlfriend and I use 50 sq feet in the corner with the intention of slacklineing. I don't want to put out a bunch of people trying to play baseball but if i want to go on the grass i need to pay. LAME
An okay park, though they could use more seating. As this or Whole Paycheck are my only seating options for lunch in my area, I come here to save money.There are only 2 mini-bleachers and 2 benches near the baseball field. More often then not, some people have totally taken them over but I sit there anyway, because what the hell am I going to do otherwise.  (Note to self: bring blanket.)I am not the only person that likes to use the park and do this. The other day, I saw a mother change her toddler's diapers not 2 feet away from me (bad for lunch, good for starting my diet) and the day before saw some homeless dude using the area as a personal grooming station.  I've never ventured to the Playground, just the park, so I can't comment on the quality of the playground, but it looks fun enough--if I were a kid.
There's a good field here for playing baseball. The park is in a pretty good location and there were lots of people out here.
Lot of history at the Park.  This park it ok, however it probably needs to have artificial turf  now.  This park gets used 7 days a week by adult softball alone, this isn't even counting the youth sports that use it.  It seems they have a hard time maintaining the grass as well as the infields.  When a ball takes a bad hop (which happens a lot), the phrase has been coined "it took a Jackson Park hop".  Artificial turf could solve a lot of these issues at this park.
When you're in the field or sitting in the bleachers at night, you can smell some Chinese grandma soup. MMMmm. Smells like chicken broth with lotus root and carrots.
Grew up 3 blocks away. Played on all the sports teams for Jackson growing up(this is when SF Rec and Park actually valued the youth of the City and didn't cater just to yuppies playing frisbee and dog walkers). Used to love the mini-gym. Had some great 3-on-3 basketball leagues in there when Gary was the director. Love the fact that the baseball fields are named after Tony Lazzeri, the Yankee HallOf Famer from the 20's, who grew up across the street
Holes in the outfield. Plenty of parking. Sunday softball league is ghetto.
Well I used to really love this park.  Basketball, tennis, softball or baseball.  Kids playground.  Sunny.  Until the recent findings of needles and more needles in the sand box and the. Some crack viles.  Kids stepping on the needles.  Just horrible stuff.  Guess that this beautiful park is just as enticing to the vagrant druggies.  Not takin my self or my kids there anymore.  Sad.  And to think live oak private school is just across the street. 25k tuition and drug education at the same time.  Bummer sf.
I live right by two terrific playgrounds, but they both give me a major coronary because my 20 month old can climb up the playstructure, but doesn't have the sense to not go running straight off the sheer cliffs built into them for the older kids (you know, so they can slide down the pole or climb down the ropes or whatever). So it's a bit annoying to have to lug Miss Thing to the next neighborhood over just because the play-structure is manageable, but that's what we do. She can go completely ape-shit crazy on the little-kid play structure while I sit and gestate like a huge puffy meteorite that landed on the bench, telling her she's awesome and clapping and not having to worry about leaping up and lumbering across the playground, hoping to catch her out of the clear blue sky. Plus, how great is Pot Hill? There's a diner 2 blocks away (Sally's), you can smell the hops from the Anchor Steam Brewery, and the other moms and nannies are particularly friendly and nice in this spot. Full of win.
Does anyone remember the great wooden play structure that was torn down 7 or 8 years ago? I remember it well, I grew up in the playground, dirty needles and all. But it was this great structure, plenty of places to fall off of, to hurt your self on, get splinters. All those great things that you need to experience as a kid. But they tore it down one summer, and sure by that time I was really too old to be playing on it anyway, but it was a monument to my childhood and I was pretty upset.Now there is a nice cookie cutter plastic structure and no more needles in the sand, and plenty of yuppie parents playing with their children there. I don't hang out in the playground much anymore, but the park is a real nice place to enjoy the afternoon sun and read a book. I also see lots of people with dogs, so I guess it's good for that too.
My toddler loves it here!There's a great play structure for her to conquer and this playground is relatively clean (yay!)The young child (2-5y) section is separated from the older kid section by a low wall - which is nice, since my 2.5 yo is interested in older kids and loves to watch what they're doing...as was the case last weekend.It makes for the perfect place to stop before or after our trip to Whole Foods.
Hearing children's excited voices emanating from your yard, I know it's a sunny day before I step outside, they're playing in the swing sets and running on the grass. It's better than the morning forecast. Summer ushers the signature CLANK of aluminum bats as softball leagues take to the field. Forget about car washes, after one night's worth of games, base runners and the warm breeze envelop my Element with your baseball diamond dust :). When I need a moment to reflect, I sprint your perimeter. And you're an inspiration. In my illustration class when my prof asked for a San Franciscan "landmark," I drew you. Jackson Playground: my "front yard."
This is a great playground.  They have areas for smaller and bigger kids separated by a little wall, and the whole deal is fenced in.  The structure for smaller kids has some cool features I haven't seen at other playgrounds, and the seesaw is a nice one.  You get a friendly, diverse crowd here.
This site hosts a baseball field, indoor and outdoor basketball courts, and a playground.The clubhouse also hosts Tiny Tots Kids Gym.
I play a lot of league softball here and i wish the field were kept in better condition. Outfield is too bumpy and the infield varies too much. Still one of the better fields in SF though.
