The best place for dogs in the neighborhood. Bring your dog, your poop bags, and meet the neighborhood mutts.Note: Jessie Square is part of the Jewish Museum's property. The museum graciously allows us to enjoy the lawn with our dogs. Yerba Buena Park is across the street and next to the Metreon. Yerba Buena does not allow dogs. Please bring extra bags and pickup after some who may have left something in the park. It keeps it a nice space for everyone.
Day or night this is the perfect place to walk your dog or just chill out and people watch.
A great place with decently maintained grass area that's great to walk your dog. The water feature is pretty nice and it's a pretty clean and peaceful place. It's also a good place to go relax and people watch. There are usually a few homeless here hanging out on one of the benches or the stairs of the nearby church. Most of them are harmless and if nothing else can provide some additional people watching opportunities. I usually come here with the dogs a few times a week and it's always a nice place. I wish they would put out some dog poopy bags as there are a few who don't clean up after their dogs, but I'm sure the homeless would probably take them all for something else.
Being that I work in the area, I can attest that this is a fantastic spot to enjoy when the sun in shining around SOMA (as rare as that may currently be).When the fog decides to take a break from beating us down, Jessie Square houses many of the area's finest during the lunch hours, and at least once a month, they have live music and dancing. Don't mess with the Crying Rose Man if you can help it, trust me.
I enjoy a clean open oasis in the middle of downtown.  I have sat on the benches and looked a the historic architecture versus the new that surround the square. I am looking forward to the dancing and music events coming up.
I'm not sure if you happened to pick up a copy of January 13th's SF Examiner, but if so, you may or may not have flipped to page 7.  If so, you may be wondering who that graceful "model" posing in Jessie Square under the headline "Going Sleeveless in January" was.  Wonder no more, gentle readers.  That "model" was, indeed, yours truly.  (I use that term loosely as above mentioned "model" was actually caught by an undercover photographer while she had her mouth agape, mid-lunch). -1 star because the lighting wasn't exactly right off the blades of grass to fully accentuate the beauty.**Extra copies were secured.  Signed editions available for a nominal fee.
Good to spot to chill, people-watch, and catch the occasional live salsa band courtesy of the Yerba Buena Gardens Festival.
It's beautifully designed but in a constant state of maintenance. If there aren't window cleaners on the Jewish Contemporary Museum, they're repairing cracked and seemingly ill-designed pads of concrete. Or, the shallow (but beautiful) pools of water are out of commission.But what irks me most is that it seems to be inexplicably a place for smokers to gather and force others to smell their habit. I haven't once walked through here in the early morning and not had to inhale at least two or three smokers dirty morning fix. Isn't there a law or something about smoking near public buildings in San Francisco? Does this mean I need to write a review of Mr. Newsom now?
Great place to take my dog since Yerba Buena doesn't allow pets. Must be a popular dog place in SOMA since my dog and I are never the only ones there! Well maintained grass and nice benches. Also a great place to sit on a sunny day.
Whenever the sun manages to break through the fog and temps rise above 69 degrees, I often find myself eating lunch in this simple, modern and pristine plaza in front of the Contemporary Jewish Museum. Today was such a day that begged for lunch with the girls in one of the plush grassy sections of the plaza. Across the street the crowded Yerba Buena park summer concert series provided background music to a much needed mid-day break. My only complaint? Going back to work is that much harder...
