Amazing in city, no car, mountain biking! Single track, lots of views, etc. Can't believe there is almost no info on this on the internet! I shortly explored but it seems like the best stuff is in the south side of the park. Not very busy, lots of sun, and shade. Have to take road or paved connectors at some pointI will be back...
My new favorite place to bring my mountain bike! Trails for all skill levels, single tracks, dirt trails, cement trails, jumps, everything you could want. This is a mountain bikers dream in the close vicinity of home in San Francisco. Feels like you're in Yosemite while in SF. Highly recommeded!
Follow the arrows. Read the plaques. Tread lightly. We met friends here for one of our epic SF walking/hiking dates. We started with the climb up to the big blue tower (after consuming pupusas nearby, of course) and then made our way back down and around via Philosopher's Trail. The trail is just under 3 miles. What I found particularly amazing was how, within minutes, I felt like we were in the middle of the great outdoors. It was refreshing. I also enjoyed the little plaques along the way that provided some additional insight into the gorgeous views. After posting a photo from our visit, my former SFPD friend advised me that there are a lot of daytime robberies here. The only other folks we happened upon during our visit on a Saturday afternoon were some party-goers and other walkers/hikers. I suppose you should proceed with caution but please do proceed...there are a lot of wonderful things to discover here.
Really nice spot to take your dog. There are many paths and places on the mountain to explore and it's off leash!! There's also hidden swings around which is always fun.  My dog LOVED the mini lake that they have. Perfect to cool of on a warm day and if your dog gets thirsty there's doggy bowls at the water fountains.
Second largest park in San Francisco behind golden gate park. Definitely a hidden gem of San Francisco. It is surrounded by the Excelsior, Portola, Crocker Amazon, Sunnyvale, Outer Mission. Great location to have a bbq. If you explore, there is more than one lake here. And there are multiple playgrounds. Inside the park is Jerry Garcia amphitheater.If your lucky, the reservoir across the street hires hundreds of goats to eat the grass. That's sure way of going green to mow the lawn.
Great place to take dogs in the city! Large off-leash area and a small lake with a ramp where dogs can swim. From the official Rec & Parks website: "The dog play areas in McLaren Park are among the largest in San Francisco and they offer hundreds of dogs a day both big fields and trails. There are two dog areas in this park, one behind the Jerry Garcia Amphitheater and one at the intersection of Mansell Street and John F. Shelley Drive. These play areas serve a diverse cross-section of San Francisco residents from the blue-collar Excelsior District and Visitacion Valley to some of San Francisco" sfrecpark.org/destinatio…
Visited this park yesterday for the first time with my dogs...  OMG, this place is GORGEOUS!  I have NO idea why a recent poster stated, 'this place could use some TLC".  A bit too warm in the sun?  Then duck into the beautiful forests for a little cool down.  The forest is heavenly.  My friend's black lab took a dip in the lake and swam around like labs do. So much fun to watch.  Little dogs were exploring everywhere to their hearts content. (and we were 'picking up' what they left behind so other explorers didn't step into a surprise...)  This awesome park in the City will be on our regular list of escapes from the congestion of the City!
Will it little cold an windy but good for early walk the fresh air i love coming here an talking walk i get to think about thing an look at the city sleeping have nice hot cup of coffee ymm watching the star disappear in the morning sun coming up that very nice to watch if u are up this early I'm all ways a night time or early early morning person sometime afternoon get so warm injoy lift too short have fun love an be happy an u have good time with family and friends so hope u all have a wonderful weekend an a good morning to all of u be careful an safe an have a happy work or vacation or just some R&R injoy it have great week
Huge park that is accessible to multiple districts (Excelsior, Visitation Valley, and Portola) with playground parks, bathrooms, a amphitheater, ponds, dog parks, water tower, bbq areas, bunch of free parking, hmm what else? Hella!I walk around the park and climb up to the water tower pretty often. The walk, climb, and view is amazing! I see Balboa High School, CCSF, downtown, Bay bridge, Persia Ave, so on. I mainly walk the McLaren trails and if you're into jogging and/or running incline, there's a lot of incline for you!
Into the woods.Follow this: sfgate.com/bayarea/artic…See this: Arrows pointing the way. Amphitheater named after Jerry Garcia. Forests. Meadows. Views of downtown.Plus a large blue water tower: sfgate.com/outdoors/arti… Still so much to see like Lover's Rock, the lakes and apparently a labyrinth. Agree with Caille Millner's description of this park as a neglected gem.A five star gem.
I come here every day to take my husky on hikes throughout this beautiful park. She loves it here, I love it here. Great any time of day or weather. Sometimes I bring my nieces and nephews to play or hike around as well. But most of the time I'm just walking my husky. Not everyone is as dog friendly as you think, so keep your leash around areas where there are recreation exercises or classes going on. And playgrounds, some kids aren't too fond of dogs. They don't mind you walking your dog, however some people are afraid of dogs off leash. I would give a helpful tip to anyone who runs into a crazy old woman with about 5-7 black Labrador/retriever mixed dogs. She is insane. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. She cursed some pretty profane language at my dog for getting too close to her. I mean I didn't mind when her dogs came trampling into the park and barked incessantly at my dog, but hey my dog is the "aggressive" one. I mean seriously who does that? I've never met a dog person who cursed out dogs. Then she proceeded to tell me my dog shouldn't be there. I had to laugh it off because it really was unbelievable. Moral of the story: AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS. I've been coming to this park since I was a toddler. My family comes here almost every day to enjoy the scenic routes, take our dogs for walks and sometimes just to play tennis or even games on the athletic field. All in all I believe this is one of the greatest parks in SF with just fantastic views of the city. Overall positive experience every time I come here. I love it!!!!!!!!!
Named after the man known locally as the "grandfather of Golden Gate Park," John McLaren Park has occupied a hilltop in Visitacion Valley since 1927. If you've seen the 80-foot tall blue water tower on the hill overlooking Mission St. in the Excelsior, you know where the park is.Eclipsed in size locally only by better-known Golden Gate Park, it features playgrounds and swim pool, picnic and dog play areas, tennis and BB courts, as well as a golf course and McNab Lake. More than 7 miles of trails wind through the park, the best known being the 2.7 mile Philosopher's Trail. After a half hour of relaxing on the forested hillsides, you can easily forget you're surrounded by seven million souls packed together in the Bay Area.So bring a book, dog, coffee, card deck or other analog device and unplug for a few hours!
Dog park is amazing, especially if your pup loves water.
McLaren Park is the best part about living in the Excelsior District.  It's large, not very crowded and offers a respite away from the hustle and bustle.
Very scenic, spectacular views of the downtown, the city, the bay and san bruno mountains. Hidden gem, truly.
The duck pond needs some major cleaning. Found dead fish and birds which makes the park smell not so good
This place is awesome.  Its never crowded,  you can park almost anywhere.  The dog park side is simply heaven, watering hole near the amphitheater, lots of trails for off leashed four legged friend. My pitbull and chihuahua loves it here. Only 1 complaint,  at the doggie lake by the water tower,  sometimes can be a little ghetto.  The bad owners bring their unfriendly dog here and i see a few dog fights there before. The dogs are aggressive only because their owner does not know how to raise dogs or they promote bad behavior.  You'll know which dogs are aggressive,  just look to the owner.
It was one of the park I liked and often visited with my dog, but one Saturday morning, my car was broken into.  It's not a safe place.  I don't go there anymore.
Had my car broken into today at around 2pm at the little parking lot next to the entrance down to the lake. The kid (teenager, african american) threw a rock into the window to break the glass and get in. This was a Snatch-and-grab job, as he had a driver waiting. The car was a green color sedan, where he jumped into and drove off. Called Ingleside police station ( 415-404-4000) as we were being approached in the parking lot by residents around the area saying that this keeps on happening in the neighborhood, last time was a week ago. The police look at this as a "low priority", but if everyone calls and lets them know about whats happening they will have to treat this as a pattern and investigate further. Be on the lookout, be careful, and hopefully this will not happen to you.
A hidden Bay Area gem. Could really use some TLC, but has huge potential!
Wow, what a gem. South SF is full of gems and this is definitely one of them. Literally humongous park. Giant nature playground. Frisbee tossing, mountain biking, SO MANY TREES TO CLIMB.. gorgeous views, tall grass, huge sunny patches, etc. etc. So happy this place exists.
One of the biggest parks in San Francisco lies McLaren Park. This is a big attraction site for grade schoolers to have their end of the year picnics and field trips, nature walkers and dog walkers.They have an open field and BBQ stations for various occasions near the center of the park and road crossing through the entire park so be careful if you're walking your dog without a leash. There's ample parking in the roads around the park and a parking lot near the lake. As for the lake, there's no public swimming here unless you're a dog. There's always a few dogs taking a dip here and plenty of entrance to this lake, so if you don't your dog to get wet, keep him/her on a leash.Public bathrooms are located near the amphitheater downhill of the John F. Shelly entrance.
Good For running around  n exploring. Just don't do it at night it's scary and there have been sitings of wolfs
Trekking down the hills from my house, I finally get to visit McLaren Park.  It's the second largest park in San Francisco next to the Golden Gate Park.  It's sad that this park hasn't gotten that much attention.Yes, it's nestled within not so good neighborhoods.  I came here with a group and my dog and I'll probably have reservations hiking the trails on my own.  But people said it's really safe and they've visited a couple of times by themselves and nothing happens.There's so much to see and what awesome views.  There's a theater, a pond with picnic tables, the water tower, reservoir, gold course, the Philosopher's trail.  Views of Visitation, Bayview, Portola, Brisbane and the San Bruno Mountain.  And there's a huge dog play area.
This is a huge park that feels empty even with others around. Free tennis is always booked, but it's a great place to take your doggies for a run and some socializing. Second biggest park in the city and it offers some great views and long walks. Wish it offered more steep hiking, but that's what all the stairs are for in the city, right? Plus, plenty of steep hills in the surrounding neighborhoods.Generally windy here, so bring something to cover your ears if you're prone to ear pain from wind like me.
I LOVE MAC PARK! I've been coming here since I can remember, I grew up only two blocks away. This is REAL hidden gem of SF and I hope people still believe that it's "unsafe" so you can keep your gentrification out of my park! Great place to take your dogs, ride your bike, go for a hike, have a BBQ, etc. Thank you Mr. McLaren for bringing such natural beauty to San Francisco
I love being outdoors and I like this place-- didn't LOVE it though.It's pretty big of a park. My dogs and I walked everywhere but it still seemed relatively short. I was so impressed seeing how many well behaved/off leash dogs there were. Very little sight of "little dogs". My little puppies get a lot of attention wherever they go  and love, I MEAN LOVE to play with other dogs. I had to constantly remind them that they couldn't play with most dogs there. Reason being so- most dog owners were there to walk, not play. Understandable! So it's a great place if you want to say hello, but keep passing.There was this one lady walking her dogs. She was accompanied by another lady and as soon as she noticed my dogs got in a play bow, she mentioned that her dog was not in a playing mood. Totally understandable and okay with me. But what pissed me off is her dog kept coming up to my dog and then shit next to them. She looks, whistles him back to her and keeps walking. CLEAN IT UP, BIA. What kills me is that a garbage was not so far ahead. And, no one wants to accidentally step on a trail, regardless if we should keep an eye out, right? That's just me and slightly turned me off at this park.However, I met another owner with a really precious baby pit. SO CUTE! SO CUTE! SO CUTE.This place is pretty legit though because they even had set up for a "Saturday Concert". I also saw a dad teaching his son how to throw a football, CUTE. and a lady set up the food area for a birthday party- ME HUNGRY.I'll go back, but it won't be my first choice. 4 stars because of the space, trails. -1 star for those terrible humans- you non pooper scoopers.
Such a lovely and quiet respite from it all.There's plenty to do at John McLaren park. From kids' playgrounds, to hidden walking paths, to casual picnic benches, to well kept tennis courts, to basketball hoops, to a darling pond with friendly ducks, to a wealth of lush grassy areas- which are ideal for impromptu yoga sessions.John McLaren Park is peaceful green wonderland. If I lived in the area - I would definitely be venturing here more often for a solitary read or escape from city life.There's an air of magic about this park and I'd love to explore it's hidden wonders in more depth in these next coming months.Trust.
I have known about this park in SF for a long time, but finally decided to explore what it offers today. It's a nice park offering in a big city...if you can get over your snobbery about the area that's around it. Come here during the day and it's a nice experience for walking, hiking, and taking in some unique views of the city. There's tennis courts, some ponds(especially for dogs), and the Jerry Garcia ampitheatre..gotta check out anything named after Jerry Garcia ;p If you get bored of Lands End and Golden Gate Park, and want to stay in the city for a nature walk, try McLaren Park.
John McLaren Park just doesn't get the credit it deserves. Being a large park in San Francisco, it has many amenities I bet you never knew about. Being that it's sunny in those parts often, I thought I'd write a review about it. First of all they have a beautiful little pond with a walking trail around it, perfect picnic grounds for BBQ's and birthday parties. They have a great little playground, basketball and tennis courts and Softball and Baseball Diamonds I've played at many times.They also have a lake and a reservoir, a golf course, picnic areas, playgrounds, an indoor swimming pool, a soccer field, dog play areas, and an amphitheater. You wouldn't realize that the park can hold all of that, but it is over 312 acres!I have held a couple family birthday barbeques here, because I can always find a picnic table without reservation. It's nice and private with ample parking. Recently on a rare SF warm day, I hit the grass for a little relaxation in the sun. It inspired me to visit the park more often and take advantage of the beautiful surroundings.
Great for dogs to run around... Sometimes it's kind of ghetto... So make sure you don't stay out too late
Venture out of the city to hit a few balls and enjoy the views. This park is quiet, somewhat uninhibited, and home to a few well kept tennis courts. Play to the sounds of birds chirping, on tennis courts lined by beautiful tall trees.
I bring my little Doxie mix Oliver here every day and it amazing to have a leash free park in the city, The view on the other side (children park/ tennis court side is magnificent! I really hope they preserve some of the hiking trails. I would love to have the same park 20 years from now in SF.I can't  say my dog has gotten sick from the water but it can be infested at times, it's nature they help but get infested at times. Use your judgement on the swimming part and wipe/ clean the dog after.The dog owners are wonderful and seem to know each other which I really love. There have been some car break ins so beware! I hope they have a park patrol.
Checked out the park today and was blown away by its beauty. Lots of free parking around the park and you can walk your dog without a leash. There were so many amazing doggies around this park! So bring your fluffy friends and head down to McLaren park for a nice hike! Oh-- they also have a water area for your doggies to swim in! Excellent!!  :)
Don't live in SF and miss out on the city's 2nd largest open block of land (2nd to GG Park) !  318 acres with pool, amphitheater, golf course and the hiking/walks... try the 2.7-mile Philosopher's Way with 14 stopping points and good vistas.  Go to a free concert.  There are so many entry ways, too many to note here.  The map I use: savemclarenpark.org/SMP_…
*Warning for dog owners*  The pond made my dog sick, it also made my friend's dog sick.  Thankfully neither got giardia, but both had upset stomachs for 4 days afterwards causing vomiting and diarrhea.  I suspect it's the duck poop that's in the pond.  We brought along a 3d dog who refused to go in the water (smart little guy) and he was completely fine so it was clearly the pond water that made the other 2 pooches ill.  It's really too bad because the park is very pretty and the dogs had such a great time running in and out of the pond.  I was hoping to bring them back when it gets warmer but after spending 4 days cleaning up dog shit and vomit, never again.For humans though, this park is quite pretty.  Probably not too safe at night though.
The park is awesome! It's big enough to hike or walk with a dog... Muni Bus29 can take you there at the stop of Visitacion.
Wonderful huge park (second largest in SF, apparently) and very popular for dog owners.If you're driving parking is plentiful - not sure about public transit options.  Lots of trails and picnic spots.  Map & great info available at savemclarenpark.org  Will definitely be back to try the new 2.7 mile (loop) Philosopher's Way, a project of the SF Arts Commission.  Caught a portion of it today and the views are incredible.Just another reason to love the City...
Wanted to take a short hike in the city last week and found this spot on Bay Area Hiker. Talk about an adorable little walkabout! There's parking everywhere, so getting there is super easy. We followed a specific trail for a bit, then realized it was really hard to get lost and went off on our own. We ran across the Jerry Garcia amphitheater (fun little stage w/seating), a number of really nice dogs and their people, families BBQing, friends lounging in the sun, it was great! It was more of a walk than a hike, but for a gorgeous Sunday in the city, it was perfect. I'll definitely keep it in mind the next time Golden Gate Park is overflowing with, well, you know ;)
This review is for the dog park only.  I've been looking for places to take my dog swimming.  Been going to Waterdog Lake in Belmont or Chrissy Fields.  People have been talking about this place but I've always had concerns regarding the dogs that would go there.   Finally, I decided to take my beloved Boo-Boo here on a nice warm day.   I noticed some shady dogs right off the bat, but thought they seem to be getting along with all the other dogs so I proceeded.  Within the first 5 minutes, I witnessed 3 dog fights.  2 of them from pitbulls with owners only just telling them to "stop". I was thinking maybe they should actually go grab their dog, but they didn't.  Just letting their pitbull run around starting fights with every dog it encountered.   I went to the opposite end where a few other dogs  were swimming and there no problems what so ever. I ended up staying for around 15 minutes and on my way out, there was another fight with two pitbulls.  I'm not a pitbull hater.  I love all dogs.  There was a guy there with a pitbull that was awesome. The owner actually played with the dog by throwing the ball in the water and when my dog went to grab his ball, nothing.  I had to grab the ball from my dog and give it back.  Remember...there is no such thing as a bad dog, only bad owners.Another problem is the parking.  I keep hearing about people getting their cars broken into and you can tell from all the broken glass in the lot. If you do plan on going there, don't leave anything valuable in your car.   I hear people hide across the way and just watch you go down to the dog park and break into your car right away.  Sucks.
This is one of the most amazing urban parks in the history of urban parks. When John McLaren was commissioned to do Golden Gate Park he didn't get to really do the park he wanted. Well, it finally happened decades later...here. It is a natural and rustic park with duck ponds, playgrounds, meadows, downtown cityscapes and cozy hidden picnic areas. Perfect for tai chi, picnics, recreation, dog walkers, bird watchers and hikers of any skill level.
I came here on a very foggy day, and it felt so mysterious and whimsical. There are a lot of neat paths and beautiful trees. There's also a BBQ spot, which I imagine could be fun on a nicer day. One could get lost here at night. I saw a lot of cute dogs, too.
Me and the Boston Terrier had fun visiting this park.  We were a bit scared at first, since we're from the 'burbs and heard about the dead bodies being dumped here.  It feels secluded and is surrounded by tall trees.We drove up the hill and around to the small parking lot, near the "lake".  It's more like a small pond with a fence around it and designated off-leash area for dogs.  It is a short walk down a set of stairs, away from the cars.  I recommend this area versus parking along the side of the road and letting your dog frolic in the fields.  When I was driving out, I passed by one of these fields.  A Golden Retriever wandered into the road and did not respond to his owner's frantic cries.  Fortunately, I was alert and driving slowly, otherwise that dog would have been toast.I digress.  Back to the "lake".  There were a lot of other owners walking their dogs, but not overcrowded.  Most were extremely well behaved.  There are a lot of bugs flying around near dusk and lots of dog poop, even though folks left extra bags tied to the fence.  The area seemed safe.  I wish they had a water station.We would return the next time we visit this area.  The views are great on top of the hill.  A nice escape from the city.  But keep the dog on leash near the roads!
We love discovering new places and this is now one of my favorite places in the City.  It's nestled in a neighborhood. It's more of an open space then it is a park.  Great place for your dog to run off leash expect near the pond if your dog likes to swim keep them on leash (the water is not clear) to be safe. We will definitely return many times. Friendly dog walkers and lots of dogs to play with.
My mom comes to walk her dog here in the afternoons.  I can see why.  It's a huge area with several walking paths and areas for dogs to roam about.  It has amazing views of the Bay Area if fog isn't an issue.  Depending on the time you go, there can be a lot of dog walkers out and about with their 10-15 dogs.  There's also a beautiful man made duck pond where dogs go out to get their swimming fill with tables for picnics.  There's not a whole lot of bathrooms, at least 2, 1 of which is a portable and another one which is much cleaner and in the middle of the park.
I love this park. There's plenty of room to run around and swimming in the lake on a hot day is the bomb! Just watch out for the little yipper dogs. I think their owners should sign up for some obedience training. Such poor manners!! Their dogs too! ;-)arf arf!!-Little Maddiestatic4.px.yelp.com/phot…
My dog Max has been going to McLaren park at least once a week with On The Go Pet Care. I've seen videos of him playing in the pond and walking along beautiful trails. It was about time we see where he spends the best part of his day. Two words: dog heaven! Wide open areas to run free and frolic in a pond. It's perfect for the mature dog who can handle being off- leash. I didn't see a fenced-in area, something to think about if you're furry one can't be off-leash yet. Next time, we're bringing a picnic lunch and making a day of it!
Came here last Saturday for Doin it @ the park.  So this was the first time I've been here because usually they have it @ Golden Gate.Wasn't quite feelin the hill!  I saw a lil boy tumbling down, I felt so bad for the kids too that day. Next time we will come early enough to sit at a decent spot. Other than that, great music, food and alcohol. lol.
1) this place is huge!!!2) this place is Haunted!!!!3) Don't go there at night!! 4) Has a pretty cool pond!!5) Great for BBQ... Kind of. 6) Great for Walks. 7) Did i mentioned? This place is Huge!!
Not many people know about our neighborhood park.  I run on the paved trails and the hiking trails often, and I rarely run into other people.  The duck pond and bird habitat down in the adjacent Louis Sutter Playground sees more visitors who leave behind more litter.  I've volunteered with Friends of McLaren Park to keep the park looking good by tending to the plant life and picking up other people's litter.The Jerry Garcia Amphitheatre sits idle most of the time.  The dedication concert one year ago brought in a fairly large audience to listen to Jerry Rigged, members of the Starship and Jefferson families and a few other bands.  Mayor Gavin gave us a glimpse of his musical skills too.  Its safe to say that was one of the few times this park has seen any sort of congestion.  On a nice day I'll pack a lunch and grab a book and head over to the amphitheatre, have a seat and enjoy a quiet day outdoors in our great neighborhood park.Not a whole lot of people, but LOTS of nature.
I love this park. I have lived here on the park for around 15 years. Recently we have discovered that the off leash dog area and most of the rural trails will be competing with a brand new disc golf course.If you want to help save McLaren Park open space, write letters to your supervisors and the park commission.I also started a group.. NO DISC GOLF IN MCLAREN PARK on facebook.
Review is for the Tennis Courts.He found a Golf Buddy, I found a Tennis Partner. ;-)Since the surface was refurbished and the weather is great, this tennis court has been our choice to play at.tennis players go check this out soon.
McLaren park is beautiful and picturesque. It's a real taste of nature inside the city. It's a great place to bring a dog or a friend.
This review is for the off-leash area.The place is very very large which was great and there is an area to swim in for the pups that choose to do so.There are no fences and it is difficult to tell where the off-leash area ends.There are no dog owner conveniences that I was able to find.  No bowls, no water faucets, and only a single baggie dispenser.  I've been to much much better dog parks, albeit not in the San Francisco area, but I certainly hope the city has better to offer.
I love McLaren Park. Great place to go for a walk. It is a great place to get away from the noise of the city and enjoy a slice of nature. It would be nice the park had better walkways connecting all the park. It is very disjointed and the condition of pathways can very greatly. Also, certain areas can be over run with professional dog walkers. I have a dog and love taking him there, but I often don't because of the abrasive attitude I have encountered by many of the dog walkers who think they own the place. For how big of a park it is, it doesn't seem to be particularly kid friendly.
The last time I have actually taken a field trip to John McLaren Park was preschool.John McLaren Park has:- a lake- a playground- two courts for basketball and tennisAn excellent view of the city and there is a spot for BBQ and picnics. If you want a quiet spot to unwind, relax enjoy a BBQ and recreational activities with family, friends and co-workers, then you came to the right spot.11/9/2011:Jerry Garcia Amphitheater is right inside John McLaren Park. Another nice spot for performing arts events here in San Francisco. This is another excellent spot for graduation ceremonies.I have taken the 29 through here several times and also drove by here as well. The views are absolutely gorgeous.
this is a fantastic park,  although you need to drive through some sketchy parts of town to get here. We definitely be coming back.
I came for Jerry Day with my sister. What a kick-ass park! This is unscripted land, with space to wander and meander. The amphitheater is a cool little space for small concerts and diy places. I've only seen about half of the park; the rest definitely deserves exploration. I'd be careful and put out a positive and safe vibe because there are alot of trees and you can't always see who's around. Just be safe!
Review for the dog park-I was a bit wary of this place because of its bad rep. I heard there are dead bodies being dumped here. My GF lives near the park and she brings her dogs here and says she has never encounter anything strange. I always give her crap about going to this park alone. My GF and I usually have doggie play dates at Stern Grove Park but she suggested we go here instead. When we arrived and started hiking through the trails with our four legged daughters my perception of the park change. It was a peaceful place to hike. There's even a man made duck pond where all the dogs go in for a swim. My pup has never seen a pond...so she jumped in accidentally thinking it was solid ground and went for a dive. It was soooo cute to see her doggie paddle back to shore. Now I know she knows how to swim. But I think she's kind of traumatized because she wouldn't go near the pond anymore. :( All in all this is a great place to bring your dogs. I agree with other yelpers that the park needs more trash bins so we can dump our poopy bags.
For those of you who are afraid to ask:  the bodies just get dumped here, the murders occur off site.  Unfortunately, some see large undeveloped spaces as dumps, natural beauty notwithstanding (you know, it's that eye of the beholder thing, plus an environmental justice issue).   I used to live near Golden Gate Park and have seen far scarier and more unsavory individuals living in that park than I care to tell, especially the western end near the Beach Chalet...I don't think anyone camps in McLaren park, though you should probably check with C.W. Nevius...Now that the faint of heart have departed, I will share my personal joy of this place.  I love to walk here and do so frequently during daylight hours. The views from the seven plus hills (some greater than 20% grade) are spectacular. The Gravity Festival has taken place here several times at least.   There are roads and many of the paths are paved.  There is a grove of redwoods.  Two ponds.  Lots of herons, ducks, huge koi, hawks, hummingbirds, robins, ravens, and occasionally a small group of cherry-headed lorikeets (a splinter group from the famous Telegraph Hill parrots). The dog pond is fun, even if you don't have a dog.  This park has a diverse and balanced mix of users: middle aged exercise enthusiasts, senior walkers, dog owners and a few dog walkers (not overrun like Fort Funston, aka Fort Dog), families with small children, basketball clubs, tennis players, to name a few.  When I first moved to the neighborhood three years ago, I asked the old Italian men who used to sit on the bench at McNab Lake if it was safe.  The "Supreme Court," as they referred to themselves, told me it was okay during the day, and they were right.  The only time I don't is right after Philip Burton HS up the street lets out during the school year, or during their lunch periods. This is because of one catcall during one walk (statistically not very significant, I know).The gardeners are great and have way too much on their plate, even with the volunteers to help them.  This place is huge.  There is even an amphitheatre at which I have heard poetry readings and live music.  You know you are near McLaren Park if you can see the blue water tower, east of Excelsior, west of Portola, north of Vis Valley, and south of Bernal.
Been coming to thus park since I was a little grl and now the boys are enjoying it just as much as I did as a little one. The mini playground, basketball courts, tennis courts and even the muddy water filled with ducks are fun. I would advise a clean up crew to pick up all the dog crap that fills the open green fields!!
This is a pretty large park in the portola/excelsior/mission district. There are a bunch of dogs with their dog walkers in the morning, a bunch of short hiking trails, if you're into mountain biking there are a few single tracks available to check out. Nice local park in my hood.
Holly shit, I saw the medical examiner wheeling ANOTHER dead body from McLaren Park this morning.  Yes I saw the body with my own eyes, well it had a sheet over it, but OMG.  You hear about the bodies found there all the time, but I have actually seen one.  Most if not all the bodies found in this park and "body dumps" where the murders don't actually happen in the park, they happen elsewhere and people use the park to disposed of their remains.  Scary very scary.
This place has so much to offer. Not one destination is the downfall of not attracting other people. The scene is just not like twin peaks of San Francisco, but something very serene. =)
this park is humongous!great bbq spotgreat city viewoutdoor tennis courtsoutdoor basketball courtspond with duckiesbaseball/softball field a lot of open space (grassy areas)playgroundsyou might find druggies here and haunted things too. so becareful if you're here alone.
We love this place! It is large enough to do a little hiking with our dog that your don't feel crowded with all the other dog walkers  around. This park is about less than 5 minutes away from our house and just a place we went to while we were growing up. We do hear horrible stories about this place, for example haunted, gangs, other things like that but what I have not seen I can not write about. Overall it's a nice place to walk your dog and get a little sunshine, fresh air and exercise. We have met a lot of wonderful people and a lot of new doggy friends!
Great dog park.  I bring my pup here to play with all the other dog walkers dog.  Great space where they can run off leash. I wish there was more trash areas though..
Nice park great for dog walks on a nice day, it has a bad rep which is understandable, seeing as its right next to the projects. Went at night one these past weekends when it was hot, we had nothing to do and decided to go for a walk and enjoy the view, The park was empty, no one tried to kill us and not even the faintest sound of danger was heard. One thing though, if you are going to bag your dog's poop then at least take it to the trash, leaving it behind in a bag is just adding to the litter, at least the poop will eventually wash away..., that said I think the park needs a few more trash bins as well.
This park is the Little Engine that Could still do it, a juxtaposition of idealistic aspirations and failed dreams that is quintessential San Francisco.  Named after John McClaren, the Fredrick Law Olmstead of our city, this place is a hilltop cap of vibrant green, swooping thoroughfares, and a gracious community pond that arises quietly from a surrounding sea of poverty and stricken dreams.  Semiotic resemblance to urban Detroit;  character in its form, audacious design elements and demure but bold viewscapes... I am hopeful and inspired by the feel, but cognizant of the challenges.
My dog loves this park! It's huge [not to mention fun to explore]! The paths are interesting with bridges, steps, and beautiful wildlife surrounding you. The views can be great a great attribute to its beauty also! This park could easily be as beautiful as Golden Gate park if given attention from the city. With several small playgrounds, an endless number of picnic tables, and easy-to-hike trails this park is perfect for everyone.However, I do advise that you stay on the Northern-side of Mansell St. because the other side of McLaren can be a bit rough as the housing projects are right across the street. Nevertheless, the park is beautiful and safe during daylight. Haha. I laugh at your fear.Some special little tidbits that make this park special that I, myself know about McLaren:-Early every morning behind the tennis courts, people have some sort of Tai-Chi club/activity -An ampitheater is located near the center; it's common for the ampitheater to hold concerts October nights and during Summer-If you walk down from the resevoir and head east you will reach a playground with a really-super-fun see-saw.-This is slightly disturbing XD Head northwest from the tennis courts on a main [cement] trail. Follow it about 30 feet down until you reach a barely noticable dirt path leading away from it. Follow it until you reach a tree, inside the tree you will see something interesting.A great park :D Love it.
John McLaren Park, especially the reservoir duck pond, is my little slice of heaven! Earlier this year, I became passionate about running. This has been huge for me because I had EIA (Exercise Induced Asthma) most of my life and couldn't appreciate running, but luckily grew out of it. Now running has become my daily desire. But I was having a hard time getting into the treadmill routine, or running along the streets in the neighborhood. I needed a place, where I could frolic and run free!I live right around the corner from John McLaren park,  but for a year never really thought much about what wonders lurked inside. When my boyfriend and I took a few bike rides along the trails, I was amazed at what a hidden gem it was. After doing some research, I also learned that there were 2 ponds... complete with cross training perfect for runners like me!I feel a little off now if I don't get my daily run in at the Reservoir Duck Pond. Now this folks, is my absolute LOVE! The place is always active, with people and their happy dogs, other friendly runners, and of course the talkative duckies. I find the location to be quite beautiful, and my runs have become mentally therapeutic and almost spiritual in a communing with nature kind of way. What can I say, I love this place. I hope that it gets the attention it so very much deserves!
Coolest park yet!  I love the dog lake!  How cool is that where you can take your dog and let it mingle with other dogs and then can take a dip in the lake?The trails are great with breath taking views.  The Portola Valley has proven itself with this park. There are so many places to have a picnic.  You can play a game of soccer on a huge field or find a basketball court to play some B-ball.  Like any other park, don't stay there at night, unless it is for a concert with security there.  I hope that they have concerts at the Jerry Garcia amphitheater someday!
DEAD BODIESMUGGINGSGANGSTERSAL QUAIDASATANDOG SHITI hope I scared away all the FOCALS (fake locals)This is a 5 Star parkTha second largest park in The City, one of the best places for dogs, hoops courts, diamonds for softball/baseball practice, tennis courts, walking/biking trails, BBQ/picnic areas, a kids playground and a golf course.If your from here you know whats up if your not keep being scared and stay away
I watched some dogs maul each other to the beat of some sick techno music the other day at McLaren park.Beautiful views of downtown too!Oh, and remember, dogs, keep your owner on a leash!
Okay, so I've lived in this city since 1994 and have only just discovered McLaren park. Yes, I can see if from my house, and had heard of it, but had never been. Until today. Love it. Love the fact that I can take a hike in the city but away from the city. Kid loved it, dog loved it, parents loved it.We'll be back again soon.
What? People wrote reviews on McLaren park?  lolBack when I was a youth, we used to hold gang initiations and gang fights up here at night. It was definitely not a safe place.There were a lot of tics here, too. Whenever we'd hang out on the grass, we'd end up with a ton of tic bites.I once saw a "white lady" running in the street between here and the little street that goes towards the Sunnydale projects. I was guessing she was a ghost because she was running towards the projects...she was white, in a white nightie and barefoot! As I passed her, I made sure not to look at her face! Creepy!
When it's one of those few blistering days in SF, we head out to McLaren park for walk and a swim. I walk, my dog swims.Haven't had any trouble at this park (knock on wood), given the area, but then we stick to the "dog areas". The closest thing to an emergency was the huge snake we came across hiking down from the reservoir to the amphitheatre.
This park is HUGE!!!  Roommate always come home and said.. "I found a new jogging trail!!!"Lots of trails for jogger.Lots of cool places for dog.Dog lake, SEVERAL duck ponds.Top of hills with INCREDIBLE view.Tennis court, and basketball court....I like this park LOTS!
Took my puppy to check out this park for the first time this weekend.  This isn't the best maintained park in the city but it is big and has a lot of diverse habitats.  There are two duck ponds, one that the dogs swim in.  I didn't really want my pup going in and he wasn't too interested.  The water was murky and full of duck crap but plenty of other dogs seemed to be having a good time swimming.  There are plenty of hills and open fields to frolic in, as well as great views.  We spent a couple hours exploring.  I would definitely come back although it is a bit of a drive from where I live.  On the down side the neighborhood isn't that great.  The locals were playing bones and drinking brews when we left.  I probably wouldn't stick around after dusk when the beers start to kick in.
This is not a scary place, no matter what you hear. It is safe. This park is NOT ghetto, y'all! People may dump dead bodies in this park occasionally. BUT, people dump dead bodies in Golden Gate Park too! Bad things don't just happen in this park, just because it's near Bayview or Visitacion Valley. Bad things happen in Golden Gate Park! Bad things happen in the Marina! Bad things happen ALL OVER the city! I feel like writing a letter to Gavin everyday. Telling him that he needs to pay more attention to our neck of San Francisco. WE are NEGLECTED! Anyways, this park is great. Definitely a hidden gem. Go down Shelley Dr. and you'll find great spots. Great place to walk you dog. Walking around this park makes you feel like you're not even in the City anymore! There are paths, fields, the Jerry Garcia amphitheater, ponds, cool new kids' play ground, BBQ sites, tennis courts...We walk our dog Penny here. It's a few blocks away from our house. She absolutely LOVES it. Oh, one nice thing about this park: THERE ARE NO TOURISTS!
