A small neighborhood park located between 25th and 26th street is the host to many housewives and dog walkers looking for a relatively quite and small retreat. The only thing to distinguish this area from the house is the green park sign and the empty lot near the corner if the street.There's not much when it comes to play structure or sandbox, but there are plenty of seats and share between trees.Parking around here isn't too bad, but you'll need to circle around at least 2 times for a decent size spot.
One of the worst parks I know!The number of folks smoking weed here is amazing. What's funny is they smoke in broad daylight, in large visible groups, and play crazy loud beat box music, almost as if they are trying to draw attention to themselves while smoking weeeeed. HahaOther than that,  generally an OK park, with the occasional dog walkers etc.
Nice walking shortcut on the diagonal with pretty green!One homeless man with shopping carts hanging out near the children's play set is the only thing keeping it from 5 stars.
Cute neighborhood mini-park! It's just an alleyway/cut-through between Guerrero and San Jose but it's well maintained with a playground, benches and greenery. if you're in the area and looking to take a break it's a nice place to hang out for a bit. Mostly quiet with some young families on the playground.
I come here to walk my dog.  Parents come here to push their children on the swing sets.  Working people use it as a walking path to and from work. Teenagers come here to drink 40's at night. It's true, this park is small.  But i like it that way.  It's kind of a hidden treasure in the hood. Like Lorin M. said below, "it's the closest thing I have to a backyard".  So my dog and I are not only fans, but regulars.  I bag his shit, and so do the other dog owners--which means it okay so sit in the grass or let your small children wobble through it.The surrounding neighbors who live here take really good care of the greenery and even have an enclosed garden.  Sometimes they post notices of dates and times when members of the community can swing by and contribute to some hand in the soil time.
I use this park as more of a walkway than actually hanging out, but it's a neatly maintained spot of green in between Guerrero and San Jose, just north of 26th St.  I frequently see parents with their kids playing on the equipment and dog walkers.  Apparently, a railroad track used to run through this place, but was pulled up after the 1906 earthquake and the tracks were moved elsewhere.
I used to go to this park when I was a kid. Back in the sand box days. When I went today. Not the park's fault but still wet from the crazy rain. It's a small park and not much to do but good to escape from things.
This tiny park isn't particularly remarkable - or green, for that matter - but it's the closest thing I've got to a yard, so I thought it deserved a shout out. It's well-maintained and sunny, with a handful of mosaics, a nice mural and a few pieces of playground equipment. Probably most useful if you have a dog or kids and live in the neighborhood. I've never had a problem walking through here at night.
