I lived a good portion of my childhood (and most of my life until my gramma moved a few years ago) in the low-income apartments next to this park-- I'm bummed that this park wasn't put in until I was grown.But here I am with a kid now and even though i don't live in the city anymore, La Mission is my first home so I have to come back and visit. I park in the garage across the street and after I'm done hitting up the thrift stores in the vicinity, I take my little monkey over here as a treat for being patient while I dug in the racks.This park has a large climbing structure that's good for kids and grown-ups alike. The baby side has a nice playset, swings, and the ground is bouncy rubber. It's surrounded by SF houses and an awesome mural.  There's a side for big and little kids separated by a middle courtyard  with a fountain and picnic tables.Every time I've been, the place was always clean (what can you do about bird poop?) and the crowd mixed-- which I love-- it wouldn't be the Mission if someone wasn't speaking Spanish (to their own kids, not someone else's).It also has community garden, which seems abandoned, but it's nice to know it's there if someone wants to use it.I've know that Hoff St. alley is home to sketchy denizen, but I've never seen any vagrants or human feces in the park itself-- hooray!
Not exactly the greatest Area of town. No ideal place to park.  Watched two cars get broke into and a huge fight break out.  Not good for kids.
There's no way I would have known about this playground without yelp. I wanted to hang out in the Mission with my kid, but both Mission Playground AND Dolores Park Playground are currently under renovation. I checked out yelp and found this place, but was perplexed at the location. I was all, "Really, there's a playground right there?"Well, we MUNIed over, and sure enough, there it was... in the cut. It's actually a nice little place to get away from the grit and grime of that part of the Mission. The play structures are newish and my kid can get at least a good hour of play here. Another bonus is that there are A LOT of great places to eat in the area.
This tiny gem in urban jungle is really easy to miss yet if you find you'd be ehhhhhh for sure. We met ip some local friends with kids and were perfect.
Mission District - Mural Stop #4Where an adult can become a kid again :)I love playgrounds, especially ones that are in random parts of busy, busy SAN FRANCISCO!  The park itself was a bit frustrating to enter, because the door was somewhat jammed and couldn't be opened from the outside.  But if you just stick your hand inside the bars and open it from the inside, you should be good to go.The playground itself is split into two.  The left side is more for the younger kids, and the right side for the big kids (and kids at heart).What I loved the most were the tire swing and the spinny gadget!!  I don't know how to describe it, but I'm sure Gilbert H. will post pictures soon :DI was too afraid of climbing the dome structure, but the bf was fearless, and I got a few shots of him clinging on for dear life (jk).The floor is made of the newest technology for playgrounds (evolution: dirt -- sand -- tanbark -- rubberized floors).  Definitely safe for your kids to play in!The entire area is litter free, and so beautiful all around.  From the fountain in the center, to the little details of the flower structures, I can probably say this is the best playground I've ever visited.Don't forget to snap a few photos of the murals!  Kidpower Park is a good place to rekindle the child in you :D
Very dirty, and pretty dumpy. Not recommended. Plenty of great urban parks in the area to avoid this one.
a great little park in the middle of the mission, i agree, except it's not as clean as the other reviews (from 2007 and 2009) say.  could be tidier, particularly around the water fountain where there's a lot of bird poop.
Kidpower Park is a great little park in the middle of the Mission. It's a relatively new park so everything is still nice and clean and up to date on safety. The ground is that cushy rubber stuff and the climbing structures and other apparatuses are fun and sturdy. The park is divided into three parts. You first enter into an oasis of greenery and a large fountain with benches all around. One side is for the little kids and the other side is for the older kids. The spaces are divided by beautiful low metal fences and archways with huge metallic flowers. One side of the park is bordered by a three storey tile mural which also offers protection from the wind. We didn't really hang out at the little kids part, but they had the height appropriate climbing structure, see saw, swings and such. The older kids part had a huge geodesic spider web climbing structure which the kids and their dad loved. They also had this fun self-spinning contraption that totally made me nauseous just looking at but which made the kids squeal with joy. This is a great little park to bring your kids to if you are in the neighborhood. Not many people seem to know about it, or are scared off by the location.
