This was practically my backyard as I lived right there on Corwin. It's a special place not really known to outsiders however noticed it has gotten popular with time. My favorite time to go was right at sunset with the dog and husband to just gaze out at the city below you. I've been in foggy mornings, clear afternoons and late night and the views have been astounding each and every time.Later in my golden years, I'm certain I will recall the times we spent here together with our beloved dog, Pom as some of my most fondest memories of living here in SF.
it's one of a handful of oases in the city!   For me, it's a hike up and down a few hills before I arrive there and I love that fact--a little exercise is good for the body and soul.As others have noted, the views are handsome.  You might just get lucky one afternoon and have this open space to yourself.
If you are looking for an incredible view of the SF skyline without the crowds and that is easy to walk up to, this is your best bet, just beware of the dog poop!
We found this place by walking up some gnarly stairs from the Castro.. not knowing where it was leading to. Glad we are the curious kind because we were rewarded with an amazing view of San Francisco in front of us, and beautiful hills (Twin Peaks and Diamond Heights) behind us. The space itself is tiny and brown. You could probably take your dog here. But it's perfect for sitting down and watching. Just beautiful!
Beautiful viewsCalm and quietSeward Street Slides are right thereThe only drawback is the dog poop...
My fiance and I just moved to Twin Peaks and we take our dogs to Kite Hill Open Space when they need to burn off some energy. There are a few simple benches but mostly it is dirt and grass, which is fine for what we use it for. It goes without saying that the view is incredible, and it's quiet. Many times, we don't see anyone else.We experienced our first windy day at Kite Hill last week and it was an incredibly powerful gust - we were surprised! So glad we had sweatshirts with hoods on! Looking at the photos here I can see it gets green in the spring, which I will look forward to. This time of year (August), the space is a typical California golden color.
LOVE this place.  Yet another hidden gem in SF.  Check this place out for a unique view of the city that nestled in the neighborhood.  The view is not as grand as Twin Peaks, but I love it for it's own more local secret feel.  There are also lots of dog visitors here.  Overall you get a picturesque view with a playful vibe. If you check it out, then make sure to take a short walk over to the Sewer St. slides.  These two sites are a must see, if you're learning the city.
The best place that you can walk to for city views. Very dog friendly and the city is gorgeous on a clear night it sparkles like a diamond
I've run by the bottom of Kite Hill loads of times but hadn't actually taken the time to stop and climb up to the top. Turns out it's a small climb and it has a great view of the city. It's not as high as other open spaces but for a 5 minute walk up a hill in my neighborhood it's pretty darn good. No houses blocking the view either.  In the late afternoon the only other people up here were dog walkers. As the name implies, it can be very windy up here. Bring a hat or pull up that hood.  Was inspired by the view of all the other hills to try and visit them all soon. Reviews coming....
Kind of an insider's secret place.  Lived in Noe for over five years before discovering this secluded windy little treasure.Great for dogs.  Incredible views right down Market from the Rainbow Flag to the water, plus the best views of the Eureka Valley micro-hoods (Yukon, etc.)Hidden steps leading down to Caselli and one block from the Seward slides. Never too many people.  Beautiful.
I always like parks in SF that give you a view above the city that still allow you to appreciate the topography. And this park definitely does that.  It's a great place to watch the sunrise from because it's so easily accessed.
This is a nice little area if you want to avoid the crowds and enjoy the beautiful view that this place offers, but it can get super windy here, so be prepared for that by either covering your head with a hat or hood!  Looking over towards the west, I could see a number of people checking out the view from Twin Peaks, but there weren't many folks at this particular park, since it's located in an area that's not very easy to find, so that may be a good thing:-)
3.5 stars...It's good that they call this place Kite Hill "open space" and not a park because it's not really a park, it really is just a open space on top of a hill with a couple benches. The hill is covered mostly with thick brown brush but at the top of the hill awaits a fantastic view of the San Francisco skyline and the surrounding Noe Valley/Twin Peaks area (as well as the best view of the very prominent Sutro Tower). In terms of getting to the hill you can either walk up from the bottom (which is pretty steep but short) by Yukon at Eagle or just walk up through a beautiful and hilly neighborhood (to the end of either Corwin St or Grand View Terrace) and be at the top of the park.
Stumbled across this SF hidden gem with our 6 year old boy and 9 year old dog today. Loved it. Wasn't windy at all when we were there, and the views are breathtaking.
Dog crap everywhere, better view from twin peaks
While getting lost trying to find the Seward Cement Slides we ran across this beautiful little spot.  You climb up this mini hill, and voila! You get a GORGEOUS view of the city. We were lucky enough to go on a clear sunny day. Great place to bring your dog, relax, enjoy reading a book. One of the many hidden gems in the city.  Reminds me a lot of the Indian Rock in Berkeley.
If I didn't live right nearby (and I was the first to review), I would feel smug for having discovered another unappreciated San Francisco gem.  Simply gorgeous views, some of the best in the City.  On a clear night you can of course see the Bay Bridge perfectly, see each individual light in the Oakland Hills, the peak of Corona Heights, as well as all the way to Alameda.  It does get cold and windy - you're on a hilltop in San Francisco, for heaven's sake! - but this is a perfect place to come peacefully contemplate the skyline.
This place is my hidden gem. So, don't go telling everybody. I moved to the neighborhood over a year ago and discovered this place during one of my many dog walks. There are several ways to access this open space, but the easiest are through Corwin and Grand View Terrace. It's a huge space with some vegetation, a random tree, and a couple of benches. What makes this space so great is the view. Each time it gets me. I have to stop, pinch myself, take in the views, and then contemplate. It's my one zen moment that I share with the dog. It's never crowded either. It does get cold and breezy. So almost always bring a jacket. Luckily, home  is only a few walking minutes away. Oh, and the dog loves this park too!
Forgive me for using names used until recent years.  Solari Hill (owned by the Solari family was a milk dairy at one time long ago) was the place to fly a kite - unless you were older and then you would go to the top of Twin Peaks.  In the 1950's the kids from Eureka Valley (around 18th and Market) would go to Solari Hill to fly kites.  Our neighborhood kids would only fly our kites from March 1 to 31, for who knows what the reason may have been.  In 1956 I had 6000 feet of kite string tied to my triangular blue kite, and all of it was let out.  It was a super windy day.  So I had a kite tail of some 20 feet attached to the bottom of the kite to stabilize it.  At 4:30 PM I had all the string out and the kite was over Noe and 20th street.  Then the wind stopped!  My friend and I tried to pull in the kite but it went down into someone's backyard on 19th Street.We followed the string and found it wrapped around a clothesline.  Good by faithful kite!  That was the last time I flew a kite.  Today Solari Hill is called Kite Hill, and Eureka Valley is called "The Castro" by some.  There is a tree on top of the hill a bit to the east, which was not there when I was a kid.  It reminds me of that Kite Eating Tree that  Charlie Brown knows so well.  Had that tree been there when I flew kites, I would have gone home after one minute and never attempted to fly a kite!  :)
Mother Nature triumphs and rises above the mess of "progress" and "development" below. The park is eroding quickly, but hopefully San Franciscans can enjoy this park responsibly and do their part to preserve this urban oasis. The views can be quite paralyzing, but so can the wind sailing through Twin Peaks. You can almost feel the love in the old pine tree near the peak of the hill, and you'll often see people sitting under the tree just watching the branches gently sway.  Instructions: Accessing the park is somewhat awkward: Walk down 19th Street until you pass Seward Street, just past Douglass. Follow a dirt path on the side of a house (you'll see it), and begin climbing the steep gnarly trail cut through the bedrock. Bring a jacket and some hiking shoes if you plan to visit Kite Hill.
The trail is unmarked and begins next to a white house on 19th Street just past Yukon Street. The trail goes behind the yards of houses and up the hill. The view is pretty darn nice but the hill itself looks worn out with wild plants growing in all directions. There are some benches to sit and rest on but it's really just for a stroll or to walk the dog. There are other trail entrances/exits on Corwin Street and Grand View Terrace. There was a trail leading down to Yukon Street but I'm not certain if it goes all the way to the sidewalk.
Since the Seward Slides are becoming less of a secret its only a matter of time before more people discover this incredible view. I recommend heading here after injuring yourself on said slides. walk past the community garden above the slides, head right, and you'll see the hill and its spectacular view. There is even a simple swing attached to the tree. Very classic Americana.If you plan on sitting on the ground, bring a blanket, the hill is covered (for now) in dried weeds and grasses, not the comfiest of  seating. But i plan on buying packets of wildflower seeds, and sprinkling them to see what sprouts.
A small, very windy, steep hill right in the middle of the Castro. I lived three blocks away for months before I even knew it existed.  Come here if you want to take nice photos of you hair whipping around in the wind, or test the strength of your new high-tech kite string, or get cold. Nice views.
Just about the best park between Dolores and Twin Peaks.  With the view you'd expect...It's a little difficult to find, and that's how I like it...but it's definitely worth looking for if you want to escape the view-seeking crowds on a clear sf day.
This place is a hidden gem. Soo much better than Twin Peaks. The slides are amazing. Wish they stayed open a little later though. The view is absolutely amazing. Words do no justice. One of the most beautiful spots I've been to. It's tricky to find mind you. Google Maps could not get me to the exact location. A friend had to guide me through from memory. If you've never been here, you're missing out.
H likes this park.  He wishes he could still go except his parents don't want to pick those fox tails out of his paws and nose.  Waiting for fox tail season to subside is a long hard wait.  We recently moved to the hood while waiting for our renovations to finish and discovered this little gem of a park.  Gorgeous views, some nice wind if you're in the mood and lots of grass and little benches.  H was a big fan of the grass and running through it (you could keep track of him by his tail sticking up over the grass...cute).  Whoever planted that little garden (and maintains it for that matter) did a great job.  While we don't go in it (H prefers the other side) we admire it from afar.
