Love this park. While most people like to flock to Dolores on a sunny Saturday, I much prefer the much more tranquil and peaceful Lafayette Park. Lafayette Park is a little chilly, unsurprising because it's on top of Pac Heights, but when the sun is out, it's a pretty great place to hang out. It's very family friendly, lots of kids running around and new families. Lots of dog walkers, a pretty nice play structure, and plenty of green space for you to sprawl out on a picnic blanket and enjoy your weekend. The views of the Marina from the top of the park are pretty spectacular.tldr; underrated park to hang out in, this place is great
This update is long overdue.I must give credit where it is due, this park got a MAJOR renovation a couple of years back and I'm thrilled to say is now quite beautiful and well-maintained.Great to see so many SF parks getting fixed up lately (including Dolores Park and the DiMaggio Playground in North Beach). Apparently Alta Plaza and South Park are up next, can't wait!
Saturday afternoon, sun is out, cookies in hand, great company.We had time to kill before dinner so we decided to come here to chillax.  Some tips before heading here:1) bring a blanket- you'll want to lay on the grass and rest your eyes like some people or as my friend would say, lay the f*ck down and stop being so alert like a dog2) bring sunglasses- cover your eyes from the sun; cover your eyes from dogs approaching you to lick your face; cover your eyes from watching attractive people tan half naked in the sun; cover your cougar eyes for drooling over little boys with rock hard abs run around the park3) bring food/drinks because the nice view and weather could have you staying out here for hoursOverall, this park has it all.  There's an area for dogs to roam around and make new friends with other dogs and humans.  There's a play structure area for kids.  There's a nice open lawn for small groups or large groups to get together and relax.  There's flat areas and hills with endless paths for you to run around and get your workout on.  There's clean bathrooms.  There's a nice open space for bbq, bring your own grill.  The crowd is similar to the crowd at Dolores but the "mature" version.
Love this park. The dogs (many of whom are off leash and that's technically a no-no..but they are well behaved and quickly followed by their owners) are abundant so if you are a canine hater..don't go here. There is also a wonderful playground area for the two-legged little loves (I'm talking human kids here, guys) with lots of climbing and sliding fun to be had. Each time I go there's some sort of birthday celebration going on so it's an all around family friendly place to go..whether your family dotes on dogs or kids (or both).  There's also tennis fun to be had if there is a court open. There are two or three courts, but it's a first come first served situation. If you're lucky and the people on the court watch the minutes on their Fitbit bands, then you can get on a court in a timely manner..but if they aren't the courteous type, you might end up just chasing someone else's dog around the dog run. Either way, bring some water and a blanket and enjoy the park.
Great recreational area in Pacific Heights. Fantastic place to chill out or play tennis. Unlike most of the parks in the city, however, it is missing a basketball court.
This is one of my favorite parks in the city. It has exceptional landscaping that makes it fun just to roam around in the park and enjoy the flora. It's very dog friendly and has a nice play area for children. The park is on a hill and along the the north side you get some nice views of the bay. This is an excellent choice if you're looking for something more scenic than just grass.
Great park for kids! Fun play area that keeps them entertained for a while. Great view too!
A surprisingly large park right atop Pacific Heights - a view of the Marina to one side, a view of downtown(ish) to the other. Walking distance from your Japantown goodies, along streets with beautiful, quintessentially San Franciscan homes. There's plenty of picnic tables, a dog park, a play area for kiddos, and open grassy space to lay a blanket out and day drink with your friends if for some crazy reason you don't want to sit in Dolores, you maniac.
Lafayette Park is Awesome! When I moved to SF, I got lucky enough to find an apartment on Sacramento St. directly across the street from Lafayette Park. I thought, "Wow, this park is pretty nice!" Well, it didn't take me long to realize, after viewing some of the other parks in town, that Lafayette Park is actually the nicest park in all of San Francisco!The grass is green, the views are dope, the landscaping is superb, the bathrooms are clean, the tennis courts are, well... tennissy, and the playground looks fun even as a 26 year old manchild. I'm so stoked that I get to come to this park every morning, day or night, and I can't imagine living anywhere else in SF!Oh! And not to mention all the pup dogs!! Lafayette Park is also an awesome dog park! On a sunny Saturday you might see every single breed of dog in existence! And who doesn't love dogs?! I sure do, that's why I love Lafayette Park!
Pretty little park is a nice place to hang out for a while.  I love the towering palm trees facing the entrance on Sacramento St.  There's not much else to say about it, just another one of San Francisco's pretty parks.
One of the most pristine parks in a San Francisco Neighborhood.Hey, it's Pacific Heights, you know...only the best slopes for neighbors and their dogs and their kids.There are free tennis courts towards the top of the hill. There's a dog run/play area that fenced so the balls won't go loping off onto Sacramento or Gough Streets. Great place to socialize with dog lovers and their parade of pets.The view of the Pac Heights homes is very, very nice on either the South or North sides. You can also sunbathe on the grassy slope on the south side.The kids play area is shielded with fencing so dogs can't get into the swing or other play areas.Well planned with drought-resistant plants as well as older established trees, Lafayette Park offers a family--oriented ambiance in the midst of the City.
This is my favorite park in all of San Francisco. I've moved far far away from it and miss it so much. I use to go every weekend with my dog and it is just beautiful. I love the hills and how serene it feels. The people that usually visit this park are folks that live in Pac Heights and Nob Hill so there tends to be a lot less Dolores Park hippies and wafting smells of marijuana circling you. It's an absolute gem of a park in the city. A perfect place for dogs to meet and mingle, a perfectly romantic scroll with your sig. other, as well as an amazing place to exercise (those hills, though). The views out toward the Marina are just spectacular and unlike anything you can find in any other city. My perfect Saturday is stopping at the Trader Joe's (on Hyde & California St.) or Whole Foods (in Pac Heights) and picking up a picnic and then meeting friends for an afternoon snack and reading sesh in the park. If you haven't been, you're missing out.
Oh yes... I am a fan.Recently, I've been spending a lot of time in this neighborhood and I've never seen my dog happier thanks to his thrice-daily visits to Lafayette Park. It's green, it's lush, it's expansive, it's perfect for picnics or lazing, the views are hashtag-worthy, and there's a dedicated dog park area filled with dozens of potential four-legged friends for Sasha. What's not to love?Well, there is one thing. The dog park is only fenced in on three sides, which means if your dog spots an interesting friend advancing up the hill en route to the dog park area, he may zoom out of the semi-enclosed area, toward the street. That's enough to cause any pup parent some panic, if your dog isn't the best with recall. So my advise is to practice plenty of recall before trusting your pup off leash in the dog park area! Of course, the cherry on top would be the park management finishing the job and sealing off the area completely.
What an awesome park! There are baby swings and big kid swings. There is a toddler and big kid play structure and a nice water play area (but they turned off the water probably due to the drought). Tons of places for kids to climb. It is also hated all the way around. Wish there was more shade.
Love the park and the neighborhood. A great park to bring you dog.Here are so of the videos I filmed up there and shared on YouTube.youtube.com/watch?v=gRg7…youtube.com/watch?v=Dnbu…and more.
It's a standard grassy area in the center of a small town. I did see a small wedding at the gazebo there so it's nice. But my issue is that the energy of the shops around the park was lost because the park seemed expansive. If it were smaller I think the shops would benefit. But I can see how the park would be really nice in the summer for people to throw around a frisbee or for dogs.
Lafayette Park is one of the best parks in the city. It has a great play area for kids, an amazing dog park area, and a ton of other great spots to relax and enjoy a great view. This park is a worthwhile visit for any age.
I love this park, but beware of a Rottweiler owned by a young white male.  The dog was off leash (not in the off leash section) and attacked my dog by the neck approximately 3 weeks ago.  I did not take further action at the time because I gave the owner the benefit of the doubt, assuming it must have been the first time the dog had attacked and that the owner would be more responsible in the future.  To my dismay, the Rottweiler was in the park again off leash this morning (not in the off leash section) and came after my dog a second time.  It is a medium sized Rottweiler that usually has a stupid looking bandanna tied around it's neck.  I am looking for the owner.  If you know his name and/or contact information, please respond to this post.
This is a really clean and dope park. I rated it 4 stars because there is a lot of lose dogs around the park but what I like is that the park is gated off all around.
This is NOT a review for the park, My dog and I LOVE this park, we drive here 3 times a week even though there's another dog park across from my house, and he can't wait to jump out of the car whenever we are here. This is a review for the lady in the pictures attached who is actually a dog walker, and because she is responsible for other people's dogs I feel so strongly to leave this review and hope some of her clients read this and think twice about putting their dogs lives in her hands: I was here with my dog last Sunday and it was busy! We were here for about an hour when I heard a lady screaming by the water fountain:"this is bullshit, this is bullshit" so we all turned and looked and it was this disheveled looking older lady trying to get a handle on her golden puppy, the puppy ran towards the grass area and a few other dogs chased after it, trying to play, the lady is running towards the puppy and yelling at all the dogs while trying to grab the leash, the puppy started running towards me and I grabbed his leash, she runs up to me and again said:" this is bullshit" so I said to her:"they are just playing, relax" at the time I didn't know she was a dog walker since she acted like a first time owner. She turned to me and said:"fuck you" and walked away! I was speechless....a week later I saw her again when she was with a group of her dogs, two of her Bulldogs were playing with each other when she started yelling at one of them loudly: "do you want to get kicked out?" While putting him in an alpha roll. Everyone around heard her and was shocked by her action. I would NEVER EVER put my dog's live in her hand and am shocked anyone would trust her with their dogs!!!!
Cathy: "Smell the heather, Heathcliff... Fill my arms with heather. All they can hold. Come on." Do you remember the scene in "Wuthering Heights" when Laurence Olivier filled Merle Oberon's arms with bunches and bunches of heather up on Penistone Crag as the ultimate act of romantic yearning? Well, Hollywood gossipmongers claimed Merle hated Larry because she said he spit when he talked. Also, heather isn't exactly lavender, but they both grow like weeds in the Moors. Well, don't even think about recreating that classic movie scene here because the lavender makes a nice aromatic fringe as it falls along Sacramento Street. They have laws against that, don't you know?I'm not a local to this charming neighborhood, a denizen who is able to enjoy the park on a daily basis with a French toy poodle, neutered of course, but I have been aware of it by its formerly seedy reputation as a cruising hangout after dark for wanton men. Back in those days, I always navigated around the park even if I had an opportunity to enter it for fear of being propositioned. Or maybe not propositioned. I don't remember which offended me more at the time. Now I'm envious of my friend Maggie who lives barely half a block away because the $10 million renovation has given this four-block park a facelift that should be the envy of any San Francisco neighborhood (photo: bit.ly/14ibfJm).Yet, I noticed it was fraught with controversy over what elements should be redesigned. There's a small meadow area that looks like it's being set up for public performances since they added terraced grass seating to make it feel like you should perform Hamlet's soliloquy (photo: bit.ly/1775Rqk). Some apparently don't like the idea of it. Less controversial are the two dog play areas and the expansive playground that has quite a stone water feature for frolicking toddlers (photo: bit.ly/1cEq0Xc). Gratefully, there are plenty of benches for people like me who just want to enjoy the view of Lower Pac Heights from here (photo: bit.ly/1a5nfwW). Worth a pause. And smell the heather. Or the lavender. Whatever.
They did a really nice job renovating Lafayette Park a few years back. I've been coming with my daughter (toddler) intermittently, and it's definitely one of the more well-designed and interesting playgrounds in the city.Aside from the playground, which sits atop the hill with a great vista to the south, the rest of the park is in beautiful shape. I've been to more than a few birthday parties in the picnic table area, and the grassy hill is great for relaxing and taking in the sights (be that of the people or the city).
Peaceful park on a hill with some pretty great views of the city and the bay.  The park has  a good sized kids playground, tennis courts, and off-leash dog-play area.  As a first time visitor to the Pacific Heights area I enjoyed looking at the Victorian style homes around the park.
There's no doubt that this park is beautiful. However, I own 2 dogs who I'm not quite comfortable walking off-leash yet, especially since this park seems to be surrounded by busy streets.I was hoping to let them run around in an enclosed space but was surprised to see that the gated area wasn't entirely gated. One end was completely open and the overall structure of this portion of the park looks half-assed. It'd be great to see this area closed off and finished for dogs who aren't yet trained to be off-leash. I'd love to come back and utilize the area.
Very nice park! Very green...feel at peace here while the little ones play. Tiny climbing wall, a few slides (today was wet so we didn't really get to go on those), a water play area, swings for the big kids and little ones...clean restroom facilities, drinking fountain for kids and dogs, gated playground area, several picnicking areas, lovely kept grass, and a nice view! Very clean park, nice neighborhood folks, and not crowded (today, can't speak for nice, hot days!). The hyperactive kids had a blast.Left as soon as it rained but enjoyed it! Ate my sandwich and sat down on what looked like a dry seat - whoops! Wet bottom!! Touch the seat before you sit, even when it looks like it's dry! Also, park rules - all dogs on leashes. Sign on the tree says so! Another tip- hardly any parking. Your best bet is to find parking wherever you can and walk! They'll (the kids) will appreciate you for it!!!Enjoy!
Clean and safe with beautiful views of the entire city (the tennis courts are excellent as well, usually about a 20 minute wait to use them). If you love dogs this place will be heaven for you.
This review is for the dog park and off-leash areas. I really love this park and so do my dogs. It's up on a hill, and had spectacular sunset views. Unfortunately, what I don't like is the sometimes "coddled" or "purse dogs" that come with their owners and just sit. And it's only because I have a pretty excitable dog that doesn't take too well to these types of dogs, which has caused me to take her elsewhere to play and run out her energy. I also wish the "dog park" area of the park was actually enclosed completely. Several others have commented about this. What ends up happening is that dogs start playing and sometimes one will start to run out of the park, taking 4-5 others with him/her. This causes a domino effect of owners to be running after their dogs (which, you would think would be hilarious to watch, but it gets pretty scary when the dogs get close to the street). But I love the general environment and vibe of the park. It's great for kids or a cool place to visit to catch some rays on a nice day. I definitely come here when I don't have my dogs with me and just want to relax. Just remember to bring a jacket or blanket. No matter what the temperature is, once the sun starts to go down, the air cools significantly and it gets very breezy.
Dogs!!! Everywhere! :DVery dog friendly and also with a separate area for dogs. Separate area is not actually fenced off. The grass here is rather patchy - understandable with the amount of dogs I guess!Lovely park to walk through with a play area for kids, but really I just loved the dogs.
Trudged up the hill with 2 dogs in excited anticipation because I saw online that this park has a fenced dog run.   When we found it, I was amazed to see it was only fenced on 3 of 4 sides.  People were retrieving their dogs when they tore out of the open end.  This open end is only about 20 feet wide.  The run is very long and fenced all the way around, but for this one 20 foot opening.  We left.  Why, in God's name, would a designer build a huge dog run and fence all but about 20 feet of it?  Just down the hill is a busy bus line on a busy street, a major hazard to off leash dogs.Couldn't believe it.  Never going back.
I like this park a lot with its low-water plants, separate sections with lots of benches and grassy patches, tennis courts, dog runner park, and magical-looking playground with lots of areas to climb, slide and swing.  Beautiful views of San Francisco from all angles!
Wow.  This is a great park in my hood.  It was renovated a short while back too.  It is hilly, but is very people friendly.  I've been here several times and more recently at the playground area which is not clearly visible from the Sacramento Street side, but it's there and it's fabulous!  It's fenced in and away from the street with some nice structures with areas to climb, slides, and landscaping with rocks, and the other playground basics like swings, etc.  It's also nicely padded and clean.  What an upgrade from my childhood...lol.  I even had a couple nice conversations with some parents too.They have a decent restroom next to the playground.  If you hike up the hill above the restroom, there's a nice tree covered flat area that's more secluded with some benches for perhaps yoga, nice stretching, and/or meditation.  There's another flat area on the north side corner that's grassy (Laguna/Washington), but it may not offer enough room for playing catch or throwing a frisbee/football for the strong armed folks.  There's a couple tennis courts as well.Lots and lots of dogs.  Very dog friendly with a dog play area too.I noticed yesterday all the sunbathers.  So I have to say there's eye candy too on warm days.Overall - a great place to walk your dog, take the kids, your partner,  read, people watch, enjoy the sun, get a tan, maybe get a woman or a man, I dunno.  It's just a nice park in Lower Pac Heights.
The park looks amazing. The kiddie area looks like a ton of fun. Kind of a mini Disneyland. Took my dog to the dog area which is lush and green. Hope it stays that way!!
A vibrant neighborhood park along the top of a hillside. I walk, yet parking could be challenging. Very dog friendly as well
So beautiful and quiet. Right in the middle of the city and it is quiet and relaxing. Great views from all sides of the park and plenty of benches and tables to sit at. Great park to walk through and sit down with a cup of coffee to soak in the beautiful views of the city.
This remodeled park is very nice.  Lots of grass areas and plenty of places to lounge.  If the weather is nice, the weekends will be very crowded.  During the weekdays, mostly the dog owners and children will occupy the park.  The only reason this is not 5 stars is because of the dog park.  They did a rush job in opening up the park on time that the dog park was not fully finished or fenced off.  The question I had is why is the dog park not fully fenced off.  There is about 300 feet of fence, but for some reason they cannot fence off the remaining 20 feet.
This review is mostly for the playground. I used to live a block away when I was a kid, in 1992-1995. So I had been to the sparse playground with splintery wood structures many times and I used to practice my tennis serve against the bathroom wall when I joined the tennis team my freshman year of high school. I had not been here since, until a few weeks ago when I took my 3 yr old and he was in heaven! First of all the playground is HUGE although you can't even see if from the street. You can enter from Clay & Laguna to be closest to it. In the middle is a giant man made mountain with long metal tube slides, rocky areas to climb and play, a rope bridge, giant poles to slide down and a large rubbery hill that my son loves climbing straight up!Next to that is a very large yellow metal structure, for older kids, with some slides, climbing areas, and monkey bars. There's a small "merry-go-round" with ropes to climb on while your mom spins you. There's a small toddler structure with a slide and climbing areas. But the very best part, and what sets it apart from most parks in the city is the water play area. There's a beautiful river rock lined trough, that is filled by hand with different pumps and spinning handles! While it says to play from the side, everyone seems to jump right in and run around until they fall and get soaked and bonk their heads. I watched 2 kids do this before my own son did. Loads of fun! They added some landscaping to the hill. For those of you who are new to this park, you can enter from any corner. It runs along Sacramento St/ Laguna St/ Washington St/ Gough St. But unless you live across the street, you will have to walk up at least one GIANT hill to access the park. it's interestingly warm up here too. You'd like a park on top of a SF hill would be cold & windy, but it's actually quite sheltered and comfortable here. There is a bit of a view of the city when you look south but nothing like the view from Alta Plaza a few blocks away. However when you look north there is a gorgeous view of the bay down Octavia St. and an interesting view of downtown, down Clay looking east. There are also several picnic tables & benches around the middle of the park, tennis courts, renovated bathrooms, and pretty flowers and plants throughout the park. It's gorgeous and I really love seeing the improvements over when I lived here growing up!
They renovated this park and it was closed for a year. It opened about a month ago and wow they really made great improvements. it is beautiful! Great landscaping. The children's area and playground.. um I'm super jealous! I never had a playground that cool! They have like a pool that looks like a river that runs through the playground!! There are lots of areas for your dog(s). Lost of grass to sit on and have a picnic. Or read a book. Or just lay and be lazy. The north side of the park has great views of the Bay. Oh and that huge white mansion belongs to writer Danielle Steele LOL.I love this park! I can't wait to test out the tennis courts they look awesome (2 of them).
Very lovely park and dog friendly! There is a little off leash area for the dogs to play.
Slowly but surely things are improving! What I believe will be the permanent dog park @ Lafayette has opened on Laguna & Washington. It's MUCH bigger than the past temporary park & has been covered with mulch so there's no more dust + mud going on. There are a few tables + benches & a water station set-up with donated water bottles from neighbors. Be warned if your dog isn't great off leash: it's not completely closed off but most dogs seem much more interested in running around with their pals than trying to peel off towards the exit.A great improvement from the previous dog spot, but I'm reserving the rest of my stars for when the park is complete this spring!
First off, the renovation of the park is beautiful. I don't have kids but the kid area looks really nice, and there are picnic benches, and even a useable bathroom! Up until recently I lived in Nob Hill so I took my dogs to the dog park area, which is what I'm really reviewing.Pros:- Separate off-leash dog area- Fenced- Water fountain for dogs and people- Benches for people- Other owners are generally friendly and respectfulCons:- Not completely fenced for some reason. It's not unsafe for the dogs (not close enough to the street fortunately) but they're constantly running into the landscaping.- Grass is not holding up. - I think there is a drainage problem because it can get quite muddy- Parking is tough if you don't live close enough to walk- Doesn't have separate areas for large vs small dogsI haven't really explored other dog parks in SF so I don't have much to compare to. I lived briefly in Fremont and they have a great, fully fenced dog park with separate small and large dog areas, so I guess I'm spoiled - then again, that's about the only good thing about Fremont!
luv the park but not all the dog owners...on nov 2 at around 5pm was walking my son's lab in the off leash area  on with a few other big dogs including 2 pit bulls. all fine then things escalated. we all separated the dogs with me down by the real grass and the others up the other end. middle aged woman (stacy?) with big black glasses and white pit bull who was the most aggressive said it was time for them to go [i thought so] but instead either she let her dog off or it got away [benefit of the doubt?] regardless it ran top speed down the hill and slammed into me knocking me over. i lay stunned on the ground for a couple of minutes...NO ONE came to my aid, when i made may way to my feet, this uncaring irresponsible owner was trying to catch her dog and when she did she scurried away and immediately left with me trying to catch up to her. NOT ONE WORD of are you ok, i am so sorry. a few other people asked if i was ok i said not really but they just looked blankly.trip to doctor, trip to x ray, trip to orthopedic...nothing broken but arm is hugely swollen...all purple and it hurts like hell. i am not prone to injury, don't complain but enough is enough.like many other yelps, i have seen many dogs off leash in the main part of the park and one crowded sat/sun i witnessed a family on a blanket which was run over over by a huge dog chasing a ball thrown through the crowd and the older woman said she was hurt and the dog and owner did nothing but walk away.dog owners' need to step up to the plate and someone from the city needs to swing by and enforce the rules and rein in the irresponsible dog owners.....it is not fun being hurt by a big dog and then treated shabbily by its inconsiderate owner.sadly, the dog area when full of dogs should be considered a place for children and adults
Beware of middle aged woman and her pit bull mix.  Female blue/gray pit bull mix approximately 25-30 pounds came after my dog's neck in the fenced dog section of the park.  No one claimed it to be their dog.  Later I saw the woman and told her that her dog tried to attack my dog in the neck.  She rolled her eyes and said "whatever"  BEWARE!
Serene, relaxing, awash in your own world and taking time out to hear yourself and your thoughts....This is Lafayette Square, just across the street from Danielle Steel's expansive estate....a quiet place for repose and a sanctuary for contemplation and reflection....also highly recommended for afternoon napping!I love it here; it's simply sublime.... taking a book or coming for chill time with my more introspective, reflective-type friends.... it's stunning, atop a hill in Pac Heights. Incidentally, the first time ever I parked on steep grade, about 60 degrees to the hill itself, just around the corner....bit frightening and exhilirating all at once!PS There are restroom facilities here, and the large square is a great mini-hike smack dab in the center of the city. Come get lost in yourself when you arrive at this oasis....a fave for dog-owners.
This park is beautiful. From the landscaping, tennis courts, to the playground, this is a top notch public park. Lots of dogs in the afternoon with their owners and walkers. You might have to circle the perimeter a few times before finding a parking spot, but it's so worth it!
There's a kids area and a dog area. The lawns are great but sometime a bit boggy and muddy, bring a blanket. It's a 6 block walk to the closest shop that serves caffeinated beverages. Someone needs to have a little food cart to serve that necessary niche.
I love this park!  I loved it before but they were closed for about 3 months for remodeling and now there is a new off leash dog area.  The trails that used to be bumpy and hard to navigate in the dark all now have new smooth concrete.  There is also new stadium like seating in one area looks like a great place to do movies in the park!   I wonder if they do that now?For those with kids there is a new play area that makes me wish I was a kid again slides swings that cool new rubber floor that makes it almost impossible for the tots to hurt themselves...And lets not forget the views from this Park!!!  Awesome views of the bay and downtown!   I can even see my condo from here...  During the America's Cup you could actually see the Sail Boats going by they looked fast even from about a mile away!!
Gorgeous park, and excellent dog area. It also has a great view of the Bay. There's a nice amphitheater type area, an amazing playground for kids, and clean restrooms. The different layers created by the sidewalks helps make you feel secluded, even though there could be lots of people there. I hope it can stay that nice forever!
Every time I hear a date when this place is supposedly set to open, I just kind of toss it somewhere in the back of my brain. June? July? Uh huh, yeah sure. At least the temporary dog park is up and running. Now that my dog is older, he needs more space to run and herd. Layfayette is our new park, though I'm sure i'll swing by Huntington every once in awhile just to say hi. It's got running water for the dogs, and people donate trash bags for pick up. It's mostly gated so I feel so much more comfortable. It can get so muddy here though. It's a long walk from my house to the park, so when I get home, my buddy is tired, but I have to give him a bath. And usually myself as my feet sometimes sink into the mud.
I too join the many others who profess their love for this newly refurbished, beautiful park.  The adult and children humans and their fur friends most certainly live richer lives for all that is on offer at this little patch of green in our beautiful city.
This review is for the current state of the  park- under renovation.Lafayette Park is a pretty big urban park (11.49 acres) showcasing many beautiful mature evergreen trees, gorgeous old stonework on walls + stairs, and commands nice City views from this Pacific Heights hilltop.  I've come to love hilltop parks like this one, Alta Plaza, Alamo Square, Dolores, Tank Hill, Grand View and few more.  They tend to have larger lot sizes, so they offer respite (you know, a decent amount of nature in the middle of a big metropolis), pretty views, plant diversity and a a little quieter above all the City noise.   She's currently undergoing a MASSIVE $10M renovation for the next 10+ months, so those quaint places for quiet, enjoying greenery or taking your dog for a pretty walk sadly are really not there for now.I've visited on a few occasions to accompany a quirky but loveable french bull dog and his owner.  The dogs still gather in all shapes and sizes in makeshift grassy areas, but the existing conditions make it unpleasant to spend time  chainlink/plastic fencing, 1-2 rickety picnic tables, and incredibly dry grass.   When that evening wind and fog comes, this park gets the full blast of it.  I would think as the renovations progress, lawns could at least be watered to reduce dirt from flying around and making dog time more pleasant.  Can't be fun for the dogs to walk on dry grass.Looking forward to seeing a bunch of new amenities --new bathrooms, a large children's play area, paths, new landscaped grass areas + trees, with an additional  big chunk of funding by Friends of Lafayette Park. I look forward to seeing how the renovations transform the park.
If you happen to stumble across this lesser known park, you're in for a treat if you love scenic views of the bay and nice refreshing breezes. At the time I walked to the park, it was under construction where I believe a new playground is being added on top of other cool features.I noticed plenty of dog walkers at the park, and all of them respectfully leashed their companions. The terrain is a bit hilly, but there are benches scattered throughout the short trails which mostly face the San Francisco Bay. You can easily spot Alcatraz from certain areas. This park is definitely a great fixture for the neighborhood.
Great views! Feels like you're away from the crazy city noise. Playground for kids. Lots of grassy knolls you can picnic on. Benches to watch the dog walkers. Overall a lovely little escape. One star knocked for the giant hill you have to walk up to get there. Although the exercise getting there is good. So that could be a plus too.
While in from Canada and touring San Fran, we stayed in a room a block from this park.  We walked through it a few times and just stopped to over look the city and watch the dogs playing everywhere.  If I was a dog, I'd want to live near here for sure.Nice tree coverage with large sidewalks covering various sorts of terrain.  Lots of open green grass areas too.  Loved everything about this park.
My opinion of this place changes depending on the time of day/week. If you manage to swing by here on during the week when most people are at work, then it's great. You can manage to sit down or lay down with a cup of coffee and get some quality reading time in. The views are great and serenity of being nestled in a two by two block part of the city (without having to travel far) adds to the the allure of the park.If you come by on the weekend, well don't come by here. If you manage to avoid getting hit by a frisbee or football while trying to read, consider yourself lucky. Other parks are more crowded which is another plus for this park, but the dog to human ratio is a bit higher here. I like dogs but I can't stand owners who don't pick up after them nor those that don't keep their dogs on leashes. The neighborhood gives a false sense of security to your eyes. When the weather warms up, there are plenty of sunbathers and most of them should maintain a minimum 90% coverage of their bodies.
SO fortunate to live within half a block of lovely Lafayette Park.  Not as well known as Duboce / Alta Plaza / some other nearby commons, this plot is a great outdoor spot in the middle of Pacific Heights.  This park is bordered by Sacramento, Washington, Gough and Laguna streets.  It is popular for picnics, puppies, & people-watching.  There are tables, a playground, restrooms, and a few tennis courts. Lafayette sits along the routes for the 1 and 10 buses and is also easily accessed from the 47, 49, 90, 79, 3, 22, 12, and others.  I am proud to call this part of my neighborhood and enjoy taking visitors here. Added bonus: not sketchy to walk through / past at night!  If I want to see some SF creepers I can always go to Washington Square or Dolores.
I love this park! Come here everyday to workout, enjoy the scenery, and yes exercise my dog. For the most part people who come here are respectful of the place and other people. However, there are a few who opt not to pick up after their dogs or use the place as a smoker's lounge. It's an urban park and it is up to everyone to keep it up. Yes, I speak up and  have received a myriad of responses. My favorite response is, "what are you going to do about it." Good point, given this is SF and the authorities are reluctant to do anything I've decided to capture the folks on film when I have my phone on me.
I discovered this fabulous park through Genevieve Y. and her dog Jack...it's an unofficial dog park and Nacho LOVES coming here! On any given Sunday you will find a ton of friendly dog and dog owners...Plenty of benches and places to sit and watch your beloved pooches run around and mingle with each other! Bring a couple of sandos and have a picnic!
East Bay name. San Francisco views.Marina. Downtown. Twin Peaks. Take your pick. Life is full of tough decisions.Plenty of green space for reading, lounging, eating or all of the above. Very dog friendly so enjoy if that's your thing or beware of it's not.
Renovation took forever, but definitely worth the wait.  This park is absolutely gorgeous!  My Bichon of course loves running around on the grass off leash with other of his canine friends:)  I love the spectacular views up on top.  There's a pretty playground for kids and designated dog park and a perfect place for a picnic.  I love how clean it is too, but it is new... I just hope it stays that way.
Just a hop, jump, and skip away on the 1.  Great place to sit on a sunny day, sit on a bench, and take it all in.
This is now the nicest park in the area!!!!! Love.
The renovation was beautifully designed, from the childrens play area, to the dog park, to the bathrooms, to the views.  It is apparent that a lot of thought and effort went into this.  One of the best parks in San Francisco.
It's a nice park at the top of Laguna near California Pacific. There is a little playground, picnic tables, and plenty of space to walk or jog. A lot of neighborhood dog owners walk their dogs there too, and pick up after them for the most part. A lot of the dogs are off-leash, so be aware of that if you walk your dog in the area and if that doesn't match up with what your dog can handle. There are plenty of benches on which to sit, especially if you head up the hill where most of the trees are. I find it peaceful and nice. When the sun goes down there are very few lights and it may feel a bit unsafe, so I would advise against coming by after dark. Fillmore is in easy walking distance, Union is down one side, and Japantown is down the other. Not a bad place for birthday parties for kids, too.
Great little park in the middle of the city. Great for a quick tennis game, picnic or views of the city
I can't argue with the previous 59 reviews of Lafayette Park.  Very nice, pretty, friendly, open place in the city.Yet I saw different things there, some that are and some that aren't any more.City parks attract people and their dogs at all hours.  In the morning hours, people with day jobs use it for a quick exercise routine -- usually involving running or stair-step routines.Through the morning trees I saw two orientals, a man and a woman, both about 35 years old, doing what we might call shadow boxing.  When I drew closer I saw they were doing very slow Tai Chi movements, positions, breathing.  They took no notice of each other, and perhaps in the way of city folk, had no knowledge of each other.That's when it came back to me -- when we lived in Hong Kong in 1973:  the image of Statue Square, near the approach to the Star Ferry -- there materialized 50 or more old Chinese, mostly women and very old.Many looked to be in their 80's and a few were said to be in their 90's and at least one a centenarian.  Early every morning they came into being there. I tried to find out where they came from but it was no use, one would step out of an alley coming down from the Peak, another stepped out from behind a newspaper delivery van, and suddenly the square was alive with them.  50 or more old and very old Chinese, each practicing their own slow Tai Chi movements, holding positions long and motionless.  Other Chinese told me these were the real statues of Statue Square -- not the British Bronze on its stone pedestal.And with no sound or signal, they were gone in the early morning.  Just as I couldn't see where they came from, neither could I see whence they disappeared.  It was over for the time.And now there are no statues.  The old people are gone.I saw the aged Chinese perform their Tai Chi and hold their elegant positions nearly every morning on my way to the ferry -- and I know there are other old Hong Kong hands around who saw it, too.But, in Lafayette Park I was taken aback.  Damn, I lacked the presence of mind to approach the young Chinese there and ask them if they had old people in their families who might have practiced Tai Chi at Statue Square.  Had they learned the practice from them?  But when I go back to Lafayette Park looking for the two young Tai Chi practitioners, they're gone.  Disappeared.I can't find photographs of the old Statue Square in Hong Kong, but I'll keep searching.  They've got to be somewhere.
Great place for a dog to run around and have fun, same goes for humans!!! Very beautiful and serene with great view of the bay on the Southern side, kids playground, tables for gatherings and parties.
Beautiful park! However, the sharp rocks around the middle playing structure make it not safe for children, also I would not let my children play in the water area. We were there this morning and a lot of  sweet diaper age little ones were sitting  on the water and I believe the water is not being clean. Other than it is a gorgeous, fun park.
The Perfect Pacific Heights Park.Situated on top of the city's steep rolling hills, Lafayette park provides  the posh neighborhood with a sunny square of beauty. Despite a small space, this park still manages to maintain an aura of grandeur. Large trees border long lawns of grass and greenery. Purebred dogs prance and play all day. Views of the bay glimmer from behind high-class housing.  And sophisticated stone steps serve as perfect seats for splendid sunset viewing. Great for a date or a daily dog walk - you'll find Lafayette park lives up to all this yelp talk!
Burned a couple of calories here after bruch at Serpentine.....well we walked around the park a bit, not like we jogged or anything.  Totally friendly family and dog park.  Lots of little niches, benches and views for all to enjoy.  Nice and quiet location to relax and consume a serene pocket of the city.Keep a lookout for Archie the frisbee catching dog............he's pretty entertaining when he not listening to his owner.
nice park to take your dog to play or to people watch.  Green and lush with picnic tables, a tennis court, nice view.  There is also a clean public bathroom and people are very friendly.
This vitamin-D- starved girl loves Lafayette Park!I like to walk up the hill from Polk for a little ejercicio and then plop down in the park (don't forget the blankie or towel) with at least a friend or two. This place is great for sunbathing and gossip, but I think it really shines as a fantastic wine picnic venue.What? You've never heard of a wine picnic? Well! It is an impromptu outdoor gathering of friends and wine. All you need is at least one other person and your wine accoutrements and voila! Picnic!Nothing is more relaxing. You can expand your picnic to include snacks, tunes, dogs, and beer if you so desire.I've also attended a going away party here with a preppy croquet theme. Love it!Often, one runs into neighbors and friends from far and wide here, as it seems people will travel beyond their local parks to get to this special spot. The bathrooms are the CLEANEST I have seen in a park in, like, my entire life, although they are locked up for the night pretty early in the afternoon.Ahhh. So relaxing. When Fort Mason lawn and (heaven forbid) Crissy are too far and too crowded, Lafayette Park is always mellow. I LOVE IT.:)
Sitting on top of the rolling hills of San Francisco, this park probably has one of the best situated benches in the city.A bench that has seen its share of colored skies, and painted a many personal memoirs, it is an awe inspiring seat and one that everyone should have a seat in.This park is only a block from my home and when I run by it I always wish I had a dog!It's a great place for warm lazy afternoons and with the sprawling lawns, it's perfect for that all important "I don't care what you think, I'm passing out" time.Prime for Spring/Summer bbqs, I'm just counting down the days until the sun decides to come back.Of course I can't really complain, because when it's raining down here, my beautiful slopes in Tahoe are being dusted for play time.
I live in the building next to it.  Love having some green so close.Nice area to run around.  Great place to play frisbee.The only downfall is that sometimes people don't pick up after the dogs....  total bummer when that happens.  This is usually a major dog walker park so don't head this way if you don't like puppies.  But the park is big enough that there is plenty of room for whatever you have in mind... picnic, small sports, running, kids area, etc.
Great park serving multiple purposes including (but not limited to): the cutest dogs, ever, running around everywhere; the perfect spot to throw down a blanket and soak up the sun (you know, when it's sunny at the same time you happen to not be at work approximately two days each calender year); and also the best place (in my opinion) to go running...half uphill, half even level and running around four times is 2.4 miles. perfect.and sometimes just to be adventurous I like to run straight past the park and right in to the tenderloin. take that hu-pac!
Park closest to my apartment. Like how close it is. I don't mind how old and beat up the tennis court is... diggin the grunge factor. Dog park haven - i don't have one unfortunately. Reminiscent of a mini GGP with diverse plant life and what one could call a few park "trails". Nice little secluded area for a picnic up by the tennis courts as well.
This is the closest park to where I live, so I'm here all the time on a nice weekend in SF. Bring a towel/blanket, a good book, a sandwich, and some sunglasses, and you're set! Although not my absolute favorite park in SF, it's certainly beautiful. There are usually a ton of dogs here, so be willing to bet one will want to come up and play with you while you're reading and relaxing. That doesn't bother me though :)
This is our regular park, my little chihuahua-terrier mix loves coming here to sniff around.  There's a mix of big dogs and little dogs, and most of the owners are very friendly.  It definitely has a neighborhood feel; if you go often enough at the same time you'll recognize the same dogs.  The bathrooms are usable (shocking, I know) and the park is very conveniently located.  There are a couple benches so that you don't have to sit on the grass while your dog runs around.I'm giving this five stars as a dog park, but if I had kids who were interested in anything but dogs, I would say it has a pretty average playground with not many other kids to play with.  (Alta Plaza seems to have a lot more children in the play area.)
Living across from this park is awesome, there's always something fun to watch and the best part about it is that when you're feeling lazy and don't want to leave the apartment, i can open up my windows and feel like I'm outside.The park is like a little oasis in the City, tennis courts, barbecue areas, what else do you need?Watch where you step though, 99% of dog-owners are very conscientous, 1% aren't...
This park is best enjoyed with company, be it a small child, a loved one to snuggle with that has two legs or one that has four.It is also best enjoyed with a bottle of soap bubbles in that you can hold up your bubble blower and catch some bitchin breezes while looking out onto to the bay. If you sit on the North Side, they create a whimsical effect as they dance down the hill and into to the street. From Van Ness, it is a steep short walk uphill via Washington. Don'tworry, the stairs and pathways are and easier climb than the street.The playground is designed for uberyoung kids (i.e. 5 and under) but in an old school crawling fun way. Not as hectic as Alta Vista but definatly a place for a picnic. Mopey singles be warned. This is very much a couples park so if you are in the bitter just broke up phase, this is not your place to sit and pout.
Mini doggie heaven so close to home!  I love bringing my little Roxie to Lafayette Park.  With rare exception, the dogs (and owners) who come to this park are well-behaved and don't try to eat my little munchkin.  There's a little trail that goes almost all the way around the perimeter of the park, which gives my dog the exercise she needs.  The rest of the time is spent with her jumping into people's laps.  And there's plenty of space for my dog and my boyfriend's dog to run around to let off some steam.  The only things I would change about this place are adding a fence so that I wouldn't worry about the little one running off (which she very rarely does) and make the drainage better (gets a bit swampy after the rain).  I've heard there are plans to do a bunch of construction/renovation/whatever in the future, but I really hope that if that happens that they preserve enough doggie space.
