I come here about 4-5 times a month. I like to walk/run around the lake. I am very pleased with the condition of the walking paths and benches. The paths are clean and free from debris, and the benches (and other "work out" equipment) is maintained very well.  I wish the short cut that goes across the lake would be painted, cover the graffiti.But anyways.......the park is beautiful. There is plenty of parking. Facilities and park maintained and very clean. I enjoy coming here and hope to go there more often.
Walk 4.5 miles? Are you crazy? I'm not going to willingly volunteer my weekend afternoon to walk--- oh, would you like at that? I walked 4.14 miles (taking a short detour from the 4.5 mile) in the blazing hot sun and made it out alive. We started and ended at the parking lot (near Sunset Blvd side). The walk around the lake is amazingly refreshing. The paths are well maintained and wide enough for people to pass you along without the uncomfortable squeezing past you. I did a leisurely walk with my cousins and we were able to walk the 4 miles in 1hr:20mins (look at us maintaining the average speed!). There's a bridge you can take for a shortcut and we were able to watch some people fishing near the bridge. The only sad thing was that during our walk, we encountered a dead duck on the side of the road. :( Please be careful of the birds and animals in the area.
Honestly this place is under rated. Most people don't like it because of its dirty like water but it has its moments. Was on the dragonboat team in high school so i spent many hours on the water paddling up and down the lake. By the lake there is a parking lot and bathroom to accommodate attendees. On the other side of lake merced is a beauitful golf course with a restaurant. If you're a runner, i suggest taking morning jogs around the whole lake. It runs around 4.5 miles and is very enjoyable especially in the small breeze. By public transportation.. the 18 muni line runs just by the harding entrance and leads you all the way to stonestown. Lake Merced hosts annual dragonboat festivals for the city where high school and college kids come out to compete racing. Food and Music is usually present and everyone just comes out and has a great time! Also know that they host golf tournaments such as one a few years back with big names like tiger woods coming out. Would love to come back here and reunite with my morning runs around the lake!!
l like to RUN IT... RUN IT...  Many of my 5Ks have been hosted here.   The sunset parking lot is a bit difficult to explain to lyft drivers, though, who constantly want to pull into the main entrance where the golf club/course is.  On a foggy day, it gives off an eerie glow.Transportation here is kind of weird, though. I  keep getting lost (I'm such a downtown girl)
It's such a gem to have the in Daly City  nice run , walk . When I want and need to build up training my go to place to go I usually walk from west lake and back for extra miles .
Been going to Lake Merced over 18 years for my walking/jogging exercises.  Who needs to pay for a gym fee when you have the whole entire lake to exercise for FREE.For those who drive and park at the free parking spots around the lake path make sure to secure personal belongings in car trunk before exercising.  The other day my friends and I noticed shattered glass window fragments, so sad we have to guard our stuff nowadays but it's reality.
I have lived here for the majority of my life, and I have seen it be transformed from a terrible and disorganized mess to a beautiful community Park that houses a boat house, golf club and amazing Lake. Fishing is allowed, while the park offers a 5 miles track going around. It's hard to describe what has been renovated, so you have to come visit for yourself!
I was parked at the boat house on 1/5 with rowing groups present as well as many people around and my  car was broken into while i ran. I had only been in San Francisco 3 days. Sadly I am,stuck here for 10 more weeks with work. I know crime can happen anywhere but the auto break in issue needs to be addressed and visitors warned the second they land here.
I ran around here for the first time this past weekend, and was delighted to find out the loop is about 4 miles around the lake and golf course.The views, if you're running near the water, are stunning when the sun is out (or even when the sun isn't), and I was tempted to stop running half-way to go rent a boat and go row-boating out in the lake. However, if you're running more inland, the loop can get a bit dull if you're just staring at cars the entire time. However, those stretches don't take too much time to run by and you'll be back along the waterfront in no time.There aren't any tough hills, since this is a gentle rolling course, so you can push yourself as much or as little as you want to. I will definitely return to this lake and trail to keep running.
A pleasant 4 mile jog today, perfectly sunny, warm, but with a breeze present. Great peace during the afternoon. Periphery trail not as shaded as inside one.
I'm so thankful for this 4.5 mile lake in the city. I honestly would not know where else I would run. I probably wont, so thank you Lake Merced for being there all these years -- from the good old Lowell High School days to my Yuppie life now. Thank you for kicking my fitness and endurance into gear and helping my prepare for my last 2 half-marathons. Thank you for having 3 parking lots and parking all around the south side of the lake. Thank you for the changes of scenery as I make my 4.5 mile round-trips. Thank you for bridge across the waters that shortcuts my 4.5 mile round-trip to a 4.0 mile round-trip (yes, it makes a difference). Thank you for having no other shortcuts and forcing me to make the full round-trips back to my car. On a good day, I like to do 2 rounds and make its 8-9 mile run. They have a few portable potties, but let's face it, no one is ever excited or happy about using one of those. I hope they construct a nice bathroom house soon. It's such a beautiful lake and public space that it's almost doing an injustice that there is no matching beautiful bathroom to boot!
Any given day, there are SF residents/visitors over at Lake Merced getting their fitness on.  I often enjoy a nice jog or walk here. The paved path around the perimeter of the lake is about 4.5 miles and flat. This makes for an easy stroll, run or bike ride. Parts of the trail are shaded which is nice for sunny days. You can also venture a little ways down closer to the water where you'll likely find people fishing or enjoying the scenery.  I believe rowing teams practice here too especially since local high schools and SF State are close by.  Lake Merced is in a unique location of the city because it's surrounded by residential neighborhoods, three golf courses (including the Olympic Club) and Fort Funston. The lake is also just a hop and skip from the beach. What I do love about the location is that there is plenty of free parking available on the 4 different lots around the lake. Also, weather is usually mild by the lake and never too windy. Don't be alarmed if you hear gun shots in the distance because a shooting range is nearby as well.
I have a love and hate relationship with Lake Merced. You'll definitely break a sweat while you try to maintain your breathing through this 4.6-mile around the entire lake (3.6-mile through the bridge shortcut located where the penguin statue is) You'll see the bridge clearly if you're coming from Skyline Blvd side. Once you start, you might as well finish because it takes the same time to run backwards from where you came from. Do not cut through the golf course because there is no exit. It's even more exhausting to run when the sun is scorching. Highly recommend bringing sunblock. For the most part, you'll be running/walking on straight pavement with slight inclines throughout the lake. Once you finish, it definitely feels like an achievement!! Depending on your level of running, Lake Merced bounds to grow on you within time. Just keep pushing it. Besides running, it's a great place to walk and come with your dog if you have one.
another great landmark in the city by the bay!  this lake is actually closer to the ocean, towards the west part of sf, and a bit isolated from all the commotion of downtown sf and other bustling areas, making it a more peaceful, quiet place to visit.  when i lived in sf, i used to do some medium-longer length runs with friends, just so we could get away from the noise and also run continuously without having to stop at traffic lights and stop signs.  this loop is roughly 4 1/2 miles long and you can easily run one loop in one direction, and another in the opposite direction and not get bored (well, at least, i didn't!)  this lake used to be a part of the nike women's full marathon course when the full 26.2 distance was offered for the event.  it was a nice way to break up the gritty surface of the great highway!  parking is pretty easy here, and it's also free (another rarity in sf!)  easily accessible to 280, for those who need to travel further to get here.
I come here to get my run on. Unfortunately, the birds cone to get their poop on, on everyone that is. The workouts tend to be awesome but the cleanliness is below average. I have seen plenty of homeless and public urination almost regularly. Having better accessible bathroom units would really cone in handy.
This is a great spot to enjoy a leisurely walk or run. The entire lake is approximately four miles.Not only does this San Francisco recreation spot boast ample parking areas, and a good outdoor workout, but is also dog friendly (just remember to pick up after your fur baby)!
I've been coming here since high school for multiple occasions. Getting drunk in the night with my buddies, going for early-morning runs, utilizing the various pull-up and sit-up stations scattered throughout, biking through the gold field, you name it. It's my go-to spot, and just walking along the lake calms down whatever storms you got raging on inside. It's a beautiful little spot for anyone to take that special someone for a relaxing stroll. Of course, try to watch the weather reports first, as you don't want to come out expecting sun in this neck of San Francisco.
After a couple of years of running the lake, I still dread coming here every. single. time. 4.5 miles really isn't thaat bad, but for some reason running a full loop at the lake never gets easier for me, which is probably why I have a love/hate relationship with this place. I (try) to run the lake 3-4 times a week and always park at the biggest lot up near Sunset Blvd.For runners training for a marathon or if you just want to challenge yourself, I'd suggest going counter clockwise.  Go counter clockwise or you're cheating yourself of a workout! By the time you get on the Park Merced side next to SFSU, you'll hit that long hill that's all incline. Yes, very deceiving hill but it will push you to not stop and once you reach the top of it, it's pretty much flat for the final stretch.Smartphone users: download Strava! Best app to help you track your run, calories, pace, etc. I personally like it better than Nike+. It gives you the option of making your profile public so others can view your workout feed.
Lake Merced offers picnic tables and BBQ grills, which would be great for a family gathering or get together with friends.  Unfortunately, it's gloomy and chilly almost year round.  For those of you without a gym membership, Lake Merced is great for walking/jogging/biking.  So, what are you waiting for, go out and get some fresh air!
NICE BUT...Running here isn't fun. It's 1) overly crowded  with runners and bikers 2) running in one giant circle. The track is predicable. No challenge. 3) bugs everywhere. Are people blind not to see the bugs? You're probably running with your mouth open and don't even realize you might be catching nats. The only pro, occasionally seeing pinoy cuties running by. Such a creeper thing to say!!! LolI avoid this place at all cost, though from time to time I'll come here for a run because I'm too lazy to make it to Ocean Beach. Until the next review...
Love coming here to bike ride. Very calm and peaceful. Always love getting some fresh air, exercise and clearing my mind.The large lake is approximately 4.8 miles.  The smaller lake is approximately .85 miles. You see all kinds of different folks out here. Good for strolls with the entire family.  I would have definately given this a 5 star had it not been for the broken car glass window I've seen a couple if times in the past month.  SMH.  I've been coming to this lake for approximately 10+ years, and this is the most broken glass I've seen in such a short period of time. Not sure what to say about that.... :(Great place to walk your dog ... but if you are a person coming out here to walk your dog, please be sure to bring your doggy bag to scoop up your dogs mess.  There are occassions where I've seen a person leave thier dogs caca in mid trail .... eeeew, come on man!!!...on that same note, can the police that patrol this area on horse, please be more vigilant on having thier horse poo swooped up.  So nasty!!  I love to have PD out here... but the mess that was left behind is no bueno.
Four miles of tall trees, birds singing, and a view of the lake during a run (or walk) makes this place THE place to exercise.  Depending on the time, cars whooshing pass you can take away from the outdoor ambiance.  The trail has some incline but still feasible for beginning runners.
Lake Merced used to be the go-to spot for a picnic, BBQ, birthday party with my family while growing up. Unfortunately, warm weather is hard to come by in this part of SF, but it's still a nice park especially when you're lucky enough to plan your picnic on a beautiful day. There are picnic tables and grills all around the park, but they go fast and it's first come first serve so come early on weekends. There are plenty of grassy areas where you can play catch, or just chill on a blanket. You can also walk to the edge of the lake and skip rocks or watch the ducks!The lake is also a really popular running/biking/walking/even roller skating spot. I used to run here during my marathon-training days when I actually enjoyed running (not sure what happened there). But anyway, it's a really beautiful place to run with the scenic views of the lake and all. You also run by busy streets and SFSU. A full loop around it is a little over 4 miles, but you can also cut through a short cut half way to cut the distance in half. It's a pretty flat loop with only minor inclines. The only thing I would change about this running trail is the lighting when the sun goes down. This park needs more lights! I remember trying to run this after sunset, and I decided to end my run early because the eery darkness was making me paranoid and then I saw raccoons and never ran at night again. Highly recommend it for a daytime run though!
great place if you want to get some cardio in. There are two pathways, one you can go all the around the lake and that is almost a 5 mile run/walk whichever you prefer. And the other route is a short cut that loops halfway through the lake and its 4 miles. You can't go wrong with either route.
This place is perfect if you're a newbie or don't come here often. You'll have a great workout jogging the entire 5 miles with a view of the lake. Downside: after awhile it gets really boring and you need a change of scenery. To many cars passing by too. LOL.
Love coming to Lake Merced to run! It's such a nice accomplishment to be able to conquer its 4.5 miles. It's not a super easy route with its slight inclines but it's a step towards a good challenge. (If you tackle O'Shaugnessey, Lake Merced will feel like a breeeeeze!)If 4.5 miles seems a bit too much for now, there are two places to cut through to make the trip shorter:- Bridge across the lake on the southern end- Golf course in the middle (sometimes blocked for events, such as a golf tournament so be aware).There are three lots and street parking available:- Largest lot is where Lake Merced Blvd meets Sunset Blvd- Smaller, half dirt half concrete lot is along Lake Merced Blvd and south of Brotherhood Way- Smallest lot near the eastern end of the southern bridge- Street parking along the southeast end of the lakeMorning runs here are the best. Less people and awesome air. I like running in a cooler environment and morning is the best time for it. I advise against night running along here since there's very few street lamps.Never, ever run around the lake around sunset. I did it once and got 12 insanely itchy bites all over my calves! I rarely get bites (bugs don't like me much) so I can only imagine the horror for those who do. The bites were inflamed for a month and I had to get the strong itch relief cream to help me get through the day.
Pet friendly and located in a nice safe area. It's about 3.5 - 4 miles around the lake. Next to roads, but seems very peaceful in this busy city. Easy walk/ run / bike ride. The neighborhood and San Francisco state college is beautiful to look at as you take a stroll. There is always plenty of parking and space to stretch.  People are pretty friendly. The water is green and merky, but it over looks a beautiful golf course. There are also random areas along the way for exercises too. Half way around the lake there is also an area to sit back and relax.  There are water fountains,  bathrooms, picnic tables and trash cans too. With the coastal breeze coming over the mountain, clouds drift making most days beautiful!  I really enjoyed going here because it is peaceful and has a nice paved path for me and my pups.  There are always people passing or walking in a distance,  making it a family friendly and safe experience.  I highly recommend this to beginners, travelers, locals, pets and who ever is up for  a nice stroll through the park. Also it is really close to the beach and the San Francisco Zoo, which I still need to check out.
I spend about 90% of my life running around here when I train for half-marathons/marathons or even just running for fun (that exists!?). There's no view compared to other popular running places like Crissy Field or the Embarcadero, but it's an easy 4.5 mile loop. No need to worry about getting run over by cars or stoplights. I park my car on the north side of the lake (by the horse statue). I like to park there so that when I reach the halfway point, there's a water fountain waiting for me to refuel and finish the rest of my run.
Visit this scenic lake, as it is well-maintained and make you feel like you're away from the City. Getting there from Hwy 1 or Sunset Blvd or Sloat and 19th Aves are easy. Dogs are allowed. Worthy of a visit by visitors or locals.There are four parking lots: - Sunset and Lake Merced Blvds meet- Lake Merced Blvd and Brotherhood Way meets- one end of the crossover bridge meeting Lake Merced Blvd.- other end of the crossover bridge meeting John Muir Dr.It is also worthy for a stroll or jog, as the lake is encircled with a wide paved route and a narrow dirt path running alongside it (pun intended). Also, the air is cooler in this area of the City so you're less likely to get overheated. Watch out on those sunny days. Better yet, go early in the morning when it is cooler and less crowded.Note, run around the lake in a clock-wise direction as it is a gradual uphill with a few flat areas in between (with one downhill slope by SF State). The total distance around the lake is about 4.5 miles. Cutting across the crossover bridge cuts it down to 4.1 miles. Either way it is quite a workout run. Then, try the route again on one of the many windy days!
I used to resort to retail therapy to help with stress relief. Unfortunately, that just created more stress from an empty wallet. Nowadays, I found a way that's much more effective and cost efficient-- running 4.5 miles at Lake Merced. Some days, I really dread running but by the end of the run, I'm always glad that I did it. The view is really gorgeous whether it's a rare sunny San Francisco day or a typical gray day. Through the sweat, I can proudly say that Lake Merced is truly my happy place!*Docked a star for all the rude bicyclists and slow dog walkers.
This is a great place with a lot to offer. Fishing is "meh", but the scenery is fantastic. A great way to take a mental break. Run around the lake or just 'be' in nature.
Lake Merced. Place for golfing, dragon boating, running, picnicking, biking, roller skating, etc. etc. I've been hear for dragon boat and the occasional run. The water is pretty gross to me. You'll smell after if you've been paddling in it, but if you don't know dragon boating, you should check it. I think there's a team that practices their every Saturday morning! But DO come here to do their 4.46 mile loop around the lake, whether it be cycling or running. You'll feel great and accomplished after. Yes, you don't have to do the entire 4.46 because they have little paths that cuts across the lake to make the distance shorter. Always something different to look at on the path. You can see SFSU, golf course, cars, shooting range, Fort Funston, apartments, trees and best of all, there's this one part in the path where it sounds like you're running through a jungle. YUP! Probably because SF Zoo is nearby. Path can be a little uneven, so watch your footing. Weather isn't always the best, but hey what's not to love, you'll get to experience training in cold or hot temperatures here.  And if you wanna run more, you can always turn on to the Great Highway and run by the beach!Dog friendly (have to remain on paved paths) and lots of parking.
I finally had time over the weekend to just walk.  Im so used to a stuffy gym so it was nice to actually get out there and enjoy fresh air.  It was the perfect weekend to enjoy the outdoors.  The clouds always depresses me so any sunny day is something I HAVE to take advantage of.  I always drive by Lake Merced and have always wanted to stop by there.  There is one spot that I always see that looks absolutely beautiful with the bench and the trees.  I just really wanted to sit there.  I saw the bridge while I was walking and I wanted to cross that too!  The lake is so beautiful and it's huge!  It's great since it's close by to my house.  Plenty of people always exercise at the lake and it's a great idea.  I just wish there were more sunny days in SF.
my go to spot when training for a half marathon....2 laps for 9 miles is the perfect distance when training for 13.1. the weater is perfect, not too windy not too cold. has a good amount of incline and declines for good training. if your training i recommend this place
I took my new bike on a little trip here, and it was probably not a great idea from an exercise standpoint, because I stopped every few minutes to take pictures. SO PRETTY! There's also plenty of great people you can meet along the way -- other bikers, runners, moms with strollers...Think you can reserve bbq spots here. And there's a boathouse for.. crew? dragon boating? Let's just say one is a real sport and the other is not. Guess which is which.
Love walking/biking around this gem. Weekends are crazy so get there early if you are biking.
I didn't fully appreciate Lake Merced until I moved back home to San Jose. Great running trail, scenic, good amount of sun to work up a sweat and shade to cool you down. The trail is pretty level (no crazy inclines) and there's plenty of room for runners, bikers and walkers of all sorts. Everyone I've encountered have been very courteous. I've never had any problems there nor with parking.I really miss the availability of this gem just 5 minutes from my house, the therapeutic scenic outdoor run, and the cool SF air. I definitely took this place for granted!
SO PRETTY. Seriously, it's been a while since I've had the opportunity to run somewhere so pretty without any of the distractions of the city. I can't run the whole 4.5 miles around yet, but I'm getting there!My only suggestions: -don't run here at night... there are very few lights and it gets kind of creepy.-don't forget to be aware of the ground! There are some unexpected bumps in the pavement and paths that have caused some bloody spills.-bring some good music/headphones and come here if you need a break from anything, to de-stress, or if you're just feeling depressed! It's so soothing.
It was a nice quiet, peaceful corner of San Francisco for a short run. The only people around when we were here were those trying to get their workouts in.But the cool thing is it's not strictly for running. Since the lakeside paths are kinda cool, it was great for a nice stroll.Speaking of strollers, it didn't seem like it but a running stroller is totally possible here.The lake is sorta shaped like an 8 where it's pinched somewhere in the middle dividing the big lake into a big one and a smaller one. It's still connected though so if you want to get into one of those paddle boat, you can circle around the whole thing. For pedestrians, we don't have to walk the entire perimeter. You can cut across the bridge where the lake is "pinched".Plenty of parking... and a couple of monuments too!
Love this place. I run the lake at least once a week.  It's about 4.5 miles. And the best part is that there's tons of healthy places to eat at for your post workout meal.
Lake Merced I'm breaking up with you. Yes you have been a reliable partner for the last year, but I'm tired of putting up with your rude friends. Seriously what is up with the pack of teenagers who run here in the afternoons? Do San Francisco parents not teach their kids to SHARE WALKING/RUNNING PATHS!!!!?? Every single time I run here I come face to face with rude teens running shoulder to shoulder who do not move over to let one runner pass in the opposite direction. Today I decided I wasn't going to dive into the grass and held my ground only to get body slammed by one such teenager. Seriously kids, totally rude. And then there was the time I took a tumble, scraped up my knee, blood gushing left and right and not one of the many people who saw this happen stopped to ask if I needed assistance. Lake Merced and you people who run/walk here, you make me lose faith in humanity. Done. I'd rather put up with running in stop and go city traffic.
A very pretty outdoor gym of sorts. Right now Lake Merced is my nemesis. Most of the reviews mention how it's a chilly place to walk or run, but on the 10 days of the year it's hot out, this place is a lake of torture with no shade and nothing around. My first long "training" walk was on an 85 degree day (rookie mistake) and I had a mini-meltdown near the bridge, my little tiny wall.I'm much better for pushing through that, and one day, I will conquer Lake Merced's 4.5 miles.
The lake for me will always be synonymous with Euge-a-palooza, the old fund raisers he used to hold for the SF food bank. I used to cook at these functions and it was cool to see Yelpers donate their hard earned money to a charitable cause. Lots of food to be had, drinking and stupid hijinx. I think a number of Yelpers sealed the deal here as couples if Im not mistaken and have babies to prove it aww those were the days...Great scenery for a bbq, relaxing and hanging with Yelpers for a cause.
I look forward to my weekly run around Lake Merced.  Depending on if you're looking for an approximate 3.5 mile or 4.5 mile run you can cut through the "bridge" and continue your run.The wonderful thing about Lake Merced is that once you start you can't really turn back because you'd be running the equivalent back-tracking to the parking lot.  There's a few parking lots throughout the Lake and if you want street parking, there's equally as much street parking.  If you're looking for longer runs, Lake Merced connects easily to the Great Highway or along Sunset Boulevard if you're training for some longer runs.  I usually am training for a half marathon so it's a good place to start and then build up my mileage to other areas.There's always something new to see while you run and it goes by quick!
A good jogging/walking site! I've been here god knows how many times~ This place doesn't have any hills so that's a plus.
Great place to walk, run and de-stress. I hate running in the heat, and you can pretty much bet it will be cloudy and overcast most days, my ideal running climate! Nice and easy 4.5 loop with not too much elevation. I can see how it would be scary at night, so just go during the day. There are outhouses at the top of the lake at the parking lot where Sunset turns into Lake Merced and also on the west side. Enjoy!
i love this place! i just started transitioning to more outdoor workouts, the merced loop at 4.5 miles is perfect! A few highlights:- trail is pretty much flat all around, so it's a fairly easy run the whole way- perfect running weather. you can pretty much bet that when the rest of sf is sunny (rare), lake merced will be foggy and considerably cooler. not a bad thing, as i like to  avoid sweating like a horse if i don't have to. it's also kind of cool to run around the lake because everywhere you look... it feels like you're in a dream-like state since its so foggy.- fitspiration. lots of runners and walkers, old young white or black ... everyone is out here getting their miles in and that is a beautiful thing (if you're motivated by that type of thing like me)word of caution - i DO NOT recommend parking in the Harding Park lot -- there are a shit ton of creepy racoons that lurk there in the wilderness. Park in the proper lake merced lot closer  ish to the zoo instead.
I Come here every week for my runs/ walks. This is my go to spot for running. It's nice and quiet and also relaxing when you want to go on a morning walk. There's a decent amount of people here but it's not too crowded! I would recommend this place, great for families.
The lake is great, lots of benches to rest on around the perimeter since it is like 4.5 miles long. I like how there is plenty of parking in the lots around the lake and the sidewalk as well. The lake has some docks where u can get closer to the water and also view the ducks and perhaps feed them if you want. The ducks are really friendly. The trail around the lake is smoothly paved, perfect for walking, running, jogging, walking your dog, and bike riding. Also there are some shortcuts if you get lazy or if you want to view some of the nature with the trees and the lake. There are Also some docks and bridges to fish in. Definitely check this place out if you're in the neighborhood and what to enjoy a cool peaceful walk, anyone from children to senior citizens will enjoy this trail around Lake Merced!
Parking is free and easy on a weekday. Me and my two friends ran this and there was enough room to run side by side. My friend says its about 4 miles :) pretty lake, and cold weather = a good run. Hopefully you don't get sand in your face like we did. If I had a dog I'd totally walk it here ;)
My very first review!First time running/walking Lake Merced and I almost died. I'm not a huge runner. To be honest I'm not in good shape at all lol I recently just started working out and decided to give this lake a try. Don't go at night its too dark (I don't know why I decided to go at night) but at one point I realized there were a bunch of flies around me, very distracting! But overall it was a good experience and I felt very good as I finished.
Ahh, the ever so famous Lake Merced for the joggers. I'm not a hardcore jogger so when I do run around Lake Merced, I use the shortcut which cuts the full run around the lake by about a little more than a mile.Did you know if you run around the Lake Merced, you only burn off around 350+ calories? I suggest you give yourself a little bit more resistance and speed if you want to burn off more. Nonetheless, parking is easy and the view is great!
If you're a potential bicyclist who seeks to ride the lake merced loop for the first time, you're in for a treat since you now have the luxury of cruising along newly installed bike lanes. With that said, don't ever let me catch you riding on the paved path!!! I think I speak on behalf of the rest of us bipedalists (runners, walkers, jazzexercists, etc) when I say it's a huge nuisance when we have to yield to bicyclists recklessly encroaching on our sacred trail. Lake Merced is great for exercise and building endurance/stamina for people of all fitness levels. 5 years ago it was the most daunting task to run one mile. Fast forward to today and I run the whole thing nonstop and I owe it to the lake. With diligent training, it whipped me into shape and the runner I am today.
I was run over by a car here. After the surgery this became a place revisited. At once therapy to face my fears and a place to walk and recover. Never turn your back on the cars on Lake Merced Drive. San Francisco drivers are dangerous!!!
I have lived near Lake Merced for almost 7 years now. I never grow tired of visiting. We usually save up our old bread butts and stale cereal to feed the ducks. The loop is a great run/walk and the scenery is a perfect escape from the busy City. I'm waiting for the boathouse to be be reborn.
Best running spot in the city. Not too many hills and the whole thing is paved. Never crowded and always challenging. 4.5 miles if you don't cut the bridge. 3.9 if you do. Love running at night.
Why did my older brother drag us here at 5:30 am to go fishing? We only caught two or three measly fish. It wasn't worth it, who gets up that early to go fishing, anyway. Yes, this is my most vivid memory of the lake. And though it happened years ago, this is the main reason, I hate fishing. (I prefer crabbing, in all honesty.) There is also one time of year that I get up when it is still dark outside (black friday). Story aside, this is a recreational area- fishing, boating, walking, running, etc. If it is nice out , I would recommend it. Otherwise, when it is foggy out, it seems very gloomy (it was cold when we went fishing). Lots of runners and bicyclists in the area despite the weather. Get the family out here on a clear day. I think I have baby pictures taken here, with my mom and one of my uncles (long lost, dad's side).
A very nice place to visit. Highly recommended, but the plethora of joggers are tough to avoid.
Lake Merced is Lake Merced--it's pretty cool. Just keep in mind if you're parking in Harding Park that there really aren't any cool paths around there; it's mostly about picnic-ing by the water or walking through the golf course. If you want to walk around Lake Merced pick another place to park.
Cool, easy, breezy Lake Merced. I feel proud of myself after jogging this lake.. I don't want to repeat what everyone says about this place but this should definitely be a place you visit if you're in the area. This could also be a great place for a fitness date. A morbid thought: I wonder how many dead bodies are in the lake. Just saying! Don't act like you've never thought that before.. Anywho, I was jogging here about a year ago and I saw this very attractive girl running in a sports bra and short shorts & was jealous that her 4 pack was glistening in the sun with sweat dripping down. One day I'll be able to do that confidently =D
I also grew up coming here until the 2nd year of college. I stopped by a few months ago and this place is falling apart. The docks on the north side is in such bad condition that people aren't even allowed on anymore. Parts of these ramps and pathways are completely underwater. On the southern side where the schools launch their boats has so much vegetation that it looks more like a jungle, with only sea gulls and flies hanging around there. The water is so green, looks like a big bowl of split pea soup.
Just ran this recently with my friend.  REALLY enjoyed the view of the lake from several areas of the run.  You get a good feel for the area and there's a parking lot there.  I also think I went on a good day because it was sunny and from what I hear--it's usually foggy.  I wish I brought sunglasses though because I was blinded half the time I was going around. It's not too crowded and there's a lot of room.  The mile is about 4.5 so it's not that bad!
For all fitness enthusiast out there, here is the place.  Go out and enjoy a semi-scenic run, bike, jog or just walk.  It's 4+ miles around the lake.  The main entrance is on Harding with lots of parking but there are smaller lots around the perimeter for you.Watch and feed the ducks, fish (don't eat!), hike the trail or even picnic.  This place is alright, don't expect a lot but this certainly is one option for exercise or a lazy day activity.
Good place to run, jog, walk (especially the dogs), bike, exercise and to watch people. There are picnic tables complete with grills for a little outdoor party. There's a Sport Bar and Restaurant by the entrance to Harding Park. And if you have leftover bread, you can feed the ducks on the lake. Although I don't recommend any fishing here, even though I see the occasional fishing pole or two. Have they tested the water?They used to have rent a boats here but I guess they all sunk to the bottom due to all the storms. Dunno? (Shrugs shoulder) The boat launch are dilapidated and covered with bird poo. (Watch your step)There's plenty of parking spaces everywhere and even some new drivers use the parking lot by Sunset to practice their driving. It's close to the ocean and the weather's mostly windy and foggy. Well, that takes getting used to if you live in the neighborhood.They could make some improvements, like adding new restrooms perhaps? But it will suffice none the less.
AWESOME running route! The perimeter of the lake gives you great scenery while you get your zen run in. The route is relatively flat for SF, with minimal cross traffic, just the vehicles coming in and out of parking lots. Easy parking (keep your belongings hidden, I have seen glass on the ground before) with several parking lots and residential parking along parts of the route. The route even comes with a strength circuit, though I have never tried it, it looks cool. I have trained for countless foot races here, and started cycling too. I highly recommend for anyone looking to workout outdoors :)
Great place to jog! I like to switch it up every now and then and jog the Great Highway, but I prefer Lake Merced.Parking: Super easy and free. There are 4 different lots and plenty of street parking near the daly city side/lake merced apartments side. Lake Merced/Harding Park: I have come here to hang out on the benches and take a short walk with friends and the boyfriend. It's pretty and peaceful with a few people fishing here and there. My dad has golfed at Harding Park plenty of times and likes it.Weather: Can be foggy on some days, sunny on others. The lake cuts through part of the Sunset and then some of Daly City, so that basically means foggy/cold in the morning, but it always seems to clear up and get warm and sunny anywhere between 10am-12pm. The jog: It is apparently 4.4 miles around the entire lake. There are a few short cuts depending on where you park. One bridge closer to the Daly City part of the lake and you can, also, cut through the Harding Park entrance where there is a path and bridge. There may be more, but I'm not quite sure. However, the jog around the entire lake is great and really not that bad! I no longer take any short cuts. Bathrooms: One porter potty right near the bridge that's closer to the Daly City side (super gross, bring a small hand sanitizer if you can, and nose plugs... yuck). A bathroom with a few stalls at the Harding Park entrance/parking lot (clean enough and there are sinks). Lastly, a porter potty at the parking lot on the Sunset side of the lake. I have never been in this one, but I'm assuming its about the same as the other porter potty. I just try not to drink too many liquids before jogging here as to avoid the disgusting bathrooms. Tips: Watch out for the bikers. They normally ding their little bells or yell out "ON YOUR LEFT!!!" or "COMING THROUGH!!". Either way, if you hear a bike coming, just move to the left. Wear sunscreen!! The sun always seems to show itself and you definitely don't want to burn your skin. Happy walking, jogging, and running everyone!
connect.garmin.com/activ…I love jogging along the trails to minimize joint pain on my knees.  I had a little too much fun splurging this weekend so I decided to punish myself by jogging lake merced.  The saddest thing is that I used to do cross country, yet my best time was 44 minutes!  now I beat that by 6 minutes all because I'm trying to land on the ball of my foot instead of my heel to minimize hip impact/damage and also leaning forward as I constantly fall forward and catch myself!4.41 miles is the circumference my garmin watch got!  I got 38:28 (2 sec pause error).  Have fun and pretend like it's mario kart, you're trying to beat your ghost of yesterday!!oh yeah. join dragonboat racing. =) dragonwarriors.org
Ingredients for a perfect running route: (1) plenty of parking, because the last thing you want to do is circle around to find a spot to park your car before you embark on your run; (2) plenty of trees, because when your old lungs are dying for air you WOULD appreciate that extra oxygen produced by the little green leaves during the photosynthesis process; (3) picturesque route with adequate opportunities of hill training that is NOT tourist-laden because you would rather conserve your energy to get that 8:30 pace than to have to dodge around them; (4) a route that is short enough to tackle in half an hour, yet has the option to be tagged on to a longer run if you feel so compelled to do it for whatever reason (e.g., you just downed the digesting yet effective 5-hr energy drink, your salt tablet is working and your legs are feeling fresh, or you just turn into beast mode after a 4.5 mile run). Lake Merced: check, check, check, and check. Re #4, Lake Merced is a perfect 4.5-mile loop, but should you feel that it's not challenging enough, you can do this (route tried and tested):a) Start at the parking lot at the north end of the Lake maps.google.com/maps?sad…b) run counterclockwise and 4.5 mile later, when you are back where you started, hop on Sunset Blvd and run north toward Lincoln Way - it's a nice steady uphill climb that would make you work the gluteus maximus.c) go left on Lincoln and enjoy the refreshing downhill run toward Great Hwy - consider it a reward!d) find the little running path on Great Highway and run south toward Lake Merced.  e) turn left on Sloat and right on Sunset Blvd.  f) time to pig out at Outerlands.
If you don't want to run in the heat, you can almost always count on Lake Merced to be overcast while the rest of the bay area is sunny and hot!I've been running around the lake only recently when I started training for the SF 1/2 marathon this past July. Great running spot that's relatively flat and lots of people running, jogging, walking or biking at all times so you can feel safe (although I still wouldn't want to run at night). Although there are hardly any restrooms, at least there is plenty of parking all around. I like coming here because it forces me to run the entire 4.5 miles around the lake in order to get back to my car, so I can't cheat myself! Well, you can cheat by running across the bridge which makes it about 3.25 miles, but I pretend I don't know that. One thing I don't like about Lake Merced is that you're running along with street traffic - I don't like breathing in car and bus fumes while I run. And some people still don't know how to pick up after their dogs, so I'm constantly looking down to make sure I don't step in any crap. So I'll switch between the lake and Sawyer Camp in San Mateo.
Running Lake Merced always a good workout. The number and diversity of runners definitely keeps me motivated to finish the 4.4 miles around! I just wish it was just a bit warmer in this part of the city.
Just discovered this lake for running even though it's right in my backyard! OMG i love this place for running and clearing my head.  It's extremely beautiful in the morning and during sunset.  I love watching the sun set over the lake or watch it rise in the morning.  Or run through the foggy parts of the lake.  It's usually not crowded, but just enough people to make it safe enough for female joggers like me.  The distance is doable (4.5? miles).  So it's not too long but enough of a challenge because there is some ups and downs.  I see a lot of animals too.  Like random deers and herons fly over the lake.  I also see people doing dragon boating here.  Highly recommended!
Love coming here just to walk and to clear my mind. It's a wonderful place during the day.. I had to minus 1 star because if you go at night all them flies finna be up in yo face!!!! blaaahhhh!!!
I come here when I'm stressed or just need to get away.  Plenty of parking. Pretty safe as well.
The loop around is around 4.5 miles long and relatively flat, so it's a pretty good running route. The lake itself is somewhat scenic when it is visible, and there are lots of different types of birds. It's also convenient that you don't have to cross any streets once you get onto the loop itself. I've only been in daylight hours, but there have always been lots of other walkers/joggers.I don't like how I feel like I'm breathing in car exhaust along the portion of the path that runs alongside a very busy street (Lake Merced Blvd). I also don't like the fact that the lake isn't even visible for large portions of the loop (such as near Harding Golf Course/SFSU). Also, when you're facing west, the wind can be really, really cold, especially when it's overcast/foggy, but that's a problem when you run anywhere in the western half of San Francisco. Overall, a convenient place to run/walk if you live nearby, but it's really not worth a special trip unless you want to go bird-watching.
Lake Merced has become my new favorite place whenever I need an escape from the city and whenever I need to put my thoughts together. Not to mention it's a great place for running, hiking and biking. The scene of the lake is so breathtaking any photographers will like it here. I also like it that it was never too crowded and people were friendly. It's such a lovely place to visit. Parking is super easy too.
Nice, flat area to run around and get a great view of the Lake.  It's also helpful as serving as my mental boundary between SF and Daly City.  :-)   There aren't that many joggers/runners around, so it's also very serene and peaceful.
I like running outside so when my sister asked me to go running last Friday, Lake Merced was already expected. I like that they also have trails as an option to run on other than the pavement. View of the water is great but when the fog rolls in (like it did last Friday), it's a little bit creepy but cool. Enough runners/walkers/bikers to make you feel at ease if you're running by yourself.Still four point something miles with a nice small incline depending on which way your running/jogging is still a great workout.Didn't really check out the picnic area but I definitely will try to run here more often.
Even though it's one of the few running places in the city, I'd say it's a good one! Pros:+You can run on concrete or dirt (although the dirt path ends in several places).+You don't have to worry about crossing the street every block like you would if you ran on the city streets.+Somewhat scenic (I guess pretty "naturey" for the city)+Really nice at sunset+Not entirely flat with some small inclines every now and then+Lots of parkingCons:-Scary at night! I made the mistake of not timing my run correctly, so the sun already set when I still had 2 miles to go. Make sure to either have a light or wear reflective clothing/tape and run with a buddy.-If you run counterclockwise, going against traffic can be distracting... especially with headlights on.
Great running spot! The air is always cool and wet from being so close to the ocean and it feels so good to breathe it in while running.
OMG Sheila! I walked the circumference of this baby once and I haven't done it since. I think watching the runners made me more tired than the actual walking I did. It was easily a 3 hour extravaganza. Well worth it, but jeez... There are nice picnicking areas (with BBQs) over just off of Sloat on Skyline.I prefer picnics over running any day.
