SF hiking and views do not get old. ANOTHER amazing view of the Golden Gate Bridge? Um, yes please. Drive out along Lincoln or Fulton or through Golden Gate Park and then turn right and drive up Great Highway along Ocean Beach. If you've got the time, you can park at the Cliff House and walk down to check out the Sutro Baths and then up the hill to the Lands End trail, or you can follow the curve from Great Highway as it becomes Point Lobos Avenue, and look for the parking lot on the left after you pass this little restaurant called Louie's. Parking in the Lands End Trail lot isn't easy, but if you wait a little while, you'll eventually get a space. The visitor center is AWESOME, there's a cafe and one of the most interesting gift shops  They also have clean bathrooms that open around 9am. Perfect little SF spot for a different perspective of the ever gorgeous GGB.
"Best Urban Hiking Trail in SF" - this little gem is nestled between some stunning trees, views and killer cliffs.  I used to live at the foot of Eagles Point, so this became a daily ritual. About 5 years ago, I'd find myself being the only person hiking there during a weekday morning. Apparently the secret is out, especially after all the renovations and now it's full of day hikers. Check out the Labyrinth -- it's a steep hike but worth it. You'll need a guide book if you don't know where to find it, since it's off the trail.
You need a wind breaker to come here! There are so many good places to take photos here! Went with a friend and it was very fun! The trail is not bad, as its pretty flat except a few stair areas. Those baths in the beginning are very beautiful.I love the trees here as well! Theres a nice place to sit on them. Love it!
Came here for the second time last week & I think it's become one of my favorite hikes in SF!It's a pretty simple walk (but there are some killer stairs on the way up and down to the actual Lands Ends Rocks). It's also located right now to Sutro Baths - which is another great place to adventure & look around. This trail is pretty popular but not overly crowded - My friends & I came around 1030AM on a Sunday & decided to hike the entire trail as well as the one to the rocks. When're you hiking down the path, there'll become a point (around 10 minutes) where you'll see a bunch of stairs on your left heading down. THIS is where you should go if you want to see the rocks at the bottom. Once you get there, there's an AMAZING view of the golden gate bridge! When we went this time around, there was a line of (2 parties?) that were waiting to take pictures. We ended up just leaving because we wanted to continue the rest of the trail until it ended. Overall, the hike took us around an hour and a half (since we decided to linger around at the rocks & stopped for random pictures on the trail). PARKING is free! So that's a huge plus.I would say this is a must when you're in SF! It's really hyped up but for good reason (=
Lovely trail, a great way to burn off some calories and spend a couple of hours. === TrailModerate trail, most part of the trail is accessible, some portions of the trail requires climbing up and down stairs. They are open from 8am to sunset, though it seems that because it is a city location and fairly litted, the docents mentioned they are not that hard on imposing the time restriction. Access to the park is free which is nice.Started off by dropping by the new Lands End Visitor Centre, a very modern and nicely decorated visitor centre. The docents are super patient with the endless flow of traffic. Picked up some maps for other parks too.We started walking from the visitor centre, down to the Sutro Bath and up the stairs to start on the Coastal trail. There are alternative options to get to the coastal trail if you would like to avoid the stairs. Had wanted to check out the Lands End Ladyrinth, unfortunately, we went the WRONG way and missed it completely. As we didn't feel like going up and down the 360+ steps, so we took a snapshot of it from above instead. There are no good signages to tell you how to get there! Best is to ask!=== ParkingThere are street parking available nearer to the Cliff House and a decent sized parking lot at the visitor centre. You may have to spin a couple of rounds before landing one but overall it shouldn't be that hard. Saw a couple of signages that highlight car thefts are common in that area, so reminder not to put anything valuable in your car or at least hide them.Overall, love the walk, pretty sure we will come back another time. Oh yes, it does get a little chilly, so wear/bring layers!
A beautiful trail with nice views of the ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge. It's a really simple hike, but more of a walk in the park with some small hills, stairs, and off trail paths. The best part of it all is that it's right next to Sutro Baths, another popular tourist hotspot. Two birds with one stone am I right? I would compare its popularity to be the Mission Peak in Fremont of San Francisco. This place always attracts tons of tourists so walking along the path can get really busy and slightly congested. I would suggest starting your hike from the parking lot. The other end starts at the Legion of Honor Museum, which is more situated in the residential area of Outer Richmond. Also, be sure to see Land's End Labyrinth on your way down the stairs! It's an amazing piece of art highly cherished by the local community. TIP: (1) Come here on a foggy day if you want quality photos of Karl the fog engulfing all the Cypress trees. (2) Don't be afraid to be adventurous and wander off trail. (3) For families with a baby, don't bring a stroller. It just becomes unnecessarily difficult for you to carry and push the darn thing.
This is such a beautiful trail. It is more of a stroll, not an intense hike - but do bring a good pair of walking shoes, a light jacket, maybe some snacks & lunch, and of course, a camera.Dogs are allowed, so it would be fun to bring your four legged companion along! Every path you take the views are amazing. If you want to go straight to the stone formation/Labyrinth, keep walking towards the view of the Golden Gate Bridge. There will be some big stairs, but nothing too intense. I personally thought the rock formation was going to be bigger..but it was still cute! It's all about the angles in the pictures that make it look bigger of course ;) We also witnessed a proposal by the edge of the cliffs as well! So romantic!
Gorgeous views, easy walk, and there are stairs on all the trails so it makes for a simple hike when going up the hills. Definitely check out the Sutro Baths and The Labyrinth. I wouldn't recommend causal clothing or anything but good walking shoes but I saw a lot of people dressed to take pictures and not to hike around. It can get pretty windy too so always bring light jackets. You can definitely spend hours on this trail and walk all the way to Baker Beach from the Cliff House. Just forewarned that it will be crowded on the weekends.
Absolutely stunning view at Lands End trail. To get there from the Legions of Honors, you will cut through a golf course. It is a very easy trail, not really a hike, more like a stroll. There are stairs and gradual inclines, but are not too bad. Although nothing technical, I would suggest wearing shoes with good grip, as the trail does get muddy sometimes, especially if you are going down to the rocky beach area. Once you get down the stairs towards the Labyrinth, there will be a fork, if you keep going down you will go to the rocky beach area, where you can enjoy the scene of huge waves hitting the shore, but you can't see the GG bridge too well from this site. There are also many colorful rocks at this beach. At the Labyrinth, you get amazing view of the golden gate bridge. During peak hours, there are quite a lot of people at the Labyrinth, so you might need to wait in line to take pictures. And of course, come on a sunny and clear day so you can enjoy the best view possible!This is a great spot for light hiking, or running. I would definitely come back again for the breathtaking view!
Love this place!  First time here and it was the perfect day to come for a coastal stroll on Valentine's Day.Try to come early, parking can be a nightmare later in the morning and afternoon.  Smh.  I got there around 1030am.  The view was just astonishing.  Sparkling blue pacific aligned with the sun rays and crashing waves.  We came here specifically for the labyrinth artwork.  There's really no signs for this, so follow the coastal trail.  We did a few detour to see certain things, but didn't want to go all the way down and have to climb back up.  (Totally not leg day, hehe) Keep an eye out for some stairs to the left, those are the stairs to the labyrinth...otherwise you'll end up at baker's beach and the Golden Gate Bridge!  Gotta go!  Amazing views.
One of the most beautiful spots in the city and one of my personal favorite places to walk. If you're over the suspiciously smelly places in downtown and other major tourist areas, then this is the perfect place to getaway. It gets a little busy on the weekends, but that shouldn't stop you from visiting! It's not much of a difficult hike. There's some short areas that can test your legs and lungs, but overall it's like a "Yay, I'm getting a good workout" as opposed to "I am literally dying" kind of feeling.I recommend checking out a map of the place so you can find out where the labyrinth and other brief rest areas are. The labyrinth area has an amazing, unobstructed view of the Golden Gate Bridge (if it's not foggy!) and the cliffs around. Definitely the perfect rest stop on this beautiful trail! Since it's by the ocean, it can get a little chilly, so it wouldn't hurt to bring an extra jacket with you.There's a bunch of different areas you can park. The lot right next to the Sutro Baths fill up quite fast, not surprising since it has such a great view of the ocean. I recommend entering on El Camino Del Mar, where there are a lot more parking spots!
I love coming to this trail. It's beautiful to overlook the water and see the beautiful bay bridge. The intense level on this hike is easy, but there are trails in which you can choose if you want a little more of a challenge. Always my go-to trail while in the city. And what makes it that more amazing is that they serve coffee in their little shop! Also, great nature shots if you're in to photography- it's beautiful here!
Beautiful, majestic views of the ocean and Bay. Quite a gem of San Francisco. It can be a very different environment depending on what time of day or night you are there - dawn, mid-day, sunset, night. All awesome. I come here on occasion with my family to hike along the trail. My favorite visit so far was when I walked with my son at sunset. We started at Sutro Baths and walked past the USS San Francisco memorial. The fog was rolling in off the ocean while the sun was setting. Amazing. There is a mix of tourist groups, joggers, families, groups of teenagers, and photographers. It's a flat trail and is appropriate for all ages. Plenty of parking too.  I am sometimes surprised to see how few people are walking the trail, but no complaints ;)
What else can be said? Take this hike! Nice, wide pathways (with some challenging steps) and stunning oceans views at every turn. We began at the Sutro Baths heading toward Baker Beach and the GG Bridge. You are truly at the edge of the continent! A trip to San Francisco is never complete without a visit to Land's End.
We are so lucky we live in the Bay! So many places to see like Lands End. I'm a Bay Area native and this was my first time coming here.It is super touristy but a gorgeous and easy trail. 3 miles round trip. The hike showcases a beautiful view of the coast leading to lovely views of the Golden Gate Bridge.We hiked from the Lands End Lookout all the way to China Beach which was almost 5 miles total round trip.
I've been here countless times with different groups of family and friends. Everyone I've taken here has enjoyed the hike and the view!I love Land's End due to the fact that I am completely surrounded by nature. Dependent upon where you are on the trail, you can see the Golden Gate Bridge, Sutro Baths, and the labyrinth. This is not an easy nature walk, but the small hike is worth it! The hike can vary in difficulty depending on the path you take. For a more relaxed time, follow the signs!Park at the parking lot on top of the hill, not the one below with all the tourists. From there, walk into the trail and you will see signs along the way. Follow the directions to Mile Rock Beach and you will pass the labyrinth on your way down to the shore. The labyrinth is a great photo op as well. Also, try to maneuver your way into the center if it is your first visit there. The beach is more like a strip of shoreline. Be ready to take off your shoes and get wet! Be careful since there is lots of algae and thus it is extremely slippery out there. I definitely recommend visiting Land's End on a clear day. You won't see much if you come on a foggy day! Also, wear sneakers you're not afraid of dirtying!
This is a wonderful hike. We came early and there were two free lots and plenty of street parking. But by mid afternoon, this was not the case... so just keep that in mind! The trail is not too difficult. It's fairly flat terrain so even if you aren't experienced, that shouldn't be an issue. You can walk down to the Sutro baths, the Labyrinth, and wonderful views of the Golden Gate bridge. All the trails are dog friendly. You don't have to have them leashed and the dogs have so much fun! Overall, I recommend doing this hike and getting spectacular views of the ocean and Golden Gate bridge!
Gorgeous and beautiful! They have signs warning you to lock up your car as there have been several burglaries.  As always be mindful.  There are a ton of tourists around.Some tips:1.  Wear sunscreen and a hat.  I saw so many people red like crabs on the way back...2.  Wear comfy shoes.  There are alot of stairs and it's dusty. I saw a couple of girls wearing heels...lol..really?3.  Bring a backpack with snacks and water.  You will need to drink.  And you can have your snack while gazing out into the beautiful ocean.4.  When snapping pictures with your cell phone by the water, make sure you have a good grip on your phone.  A girl dropped her phone into the ocean by the sutro baths.  Hey, it could have been worst...she could have fallen in.5.  Enjoy your beautiful surroundings and have fun!
I mean, how can you give Mother Nature any less than 5 stars!? She puts on a magnificent show in the evening - be sure to stay here on your visit until sunset. Allow yourself two+ hours to experience the trails, check out the baths that are now in ruins by the shore. Take the trails for a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge and watch her light up when it gets dark - talk about breath taking!
I've been hiking this trail since little, it's literally my backyard when growing up.  Fondest memory was when my girlfriends and I (teenagers) got the news that Jon Bon Jovi was getting married, and it broke our hearts.  My girlfriend went a little crazy and wanted to jump into Ocean Beach.  I'm like you can drown your sorrows, but I'm not about to die over Bon Jovi lol.  I took a nice stroll with other friends who were sane, and we had a nice evening with bonfires.  To our amazement, we weren't the only ones heart-broken by the news.  Thanks to this stunning Lands End trail, life goes on.  I remember that year being all bad, as Loma Prieta happened in October (my bday month) during World Series Battle of the Bay (aka Earthquake Series), and I was about to enjoy my turkey sandwich on Dutch Crunch from Fredy's Deli (now Kawika's Ocean Beach Deli) 'til everything shook.  I was just praying for no Tsunami please.  Once again, thanks to Lands End trail, Sutro Heights Park, old Sutro Bath ruins, and Ocean Beach, I survived and didn't fall apart.  The serenity, world-class views, beautiful cliffs, and rewarding hike always allows me to relax and put my worries aside.
Run Down:1. Great view of the Golden Gate Bridge2. Gorgeous Beach is always a plus3. Tall deep green brush4. Easy light trail5. Big rocks to climb on6. The labyrinth! Tips:1. It can get windy, Bring a jacket2. The labyrinth is down the trail and at the end of the steps.3. Bring your camera, you'll want to take pictures
Like many Yelpers... Absolutely breathtaking and amazing views. Great sceneries for photo ops and be sure to bring a light jacket, it does get chilly. Happy Trailing
This is a beautiful trail with spectacular views! We weren't prepared for a hike so we didn't go too far, but we went far enough to be rewarded with a view of the golden gate bridge! Next time I'll be prepared so I can explore more of this trail!
If you've been searching for the perfect place to take a nice stroll next to the Pacific Ocean with the Golden Gate Bridge in plain sight, and trees that will give you temporary shade from the sunlight, with recurring detours to small beaches (if you so choose to venture in those directions) - LOOK NO FURTHER. Lands End Trail is the happy gateway between land and water without having to get sand all up in your shoes. You will ask yourself, "Am I still in San Francisco?" I mean, I wouldn't have believed you if you said yes...even with the Golden Gate staring straight at me.You have no choice but to immerse yourself into the beauty that is the San Francisco Bay..with perfectly paved trails and stairways leading you into corners that were made with photo-ops in mind. Parking is free near the look out and the trail begins at Sutro Baths, which by the way, is rich in history. There are caves and rocks to explore during this first half of the trip. The helpful guides in the visitor center will make sure that your trip is mapped out. I've been here only twice, and I haven't made it passed the Labyrinth due to time constraints. Bring your tourist friends! Instead of driving all the way to the Presidio or Marin Headlands for the Golden Gate. I feel like this place is overlooked because it requires some walking.
Directions to labyrinth: The closest/easiest way to do this is to park at the Lands End Lookout/sutro baths parking lot (point lobos & 48th or point lobos & el camino del mar). Walk the coastal trail, 0.8 miles. There will be a sign that says Mile Rock Beach and points down towards a long staircase. Go all the way down the stairs. It will come to a fork, the left trail goes towards mile rock beach, go straight and you will see the labyrinth. People often miss the labyrinth because they look down and do not see it at first, don't just look down, WALK down and you will see it. This easy, lightweight hike is cool because of the close parking and it's accessibility to all (dog friendly!). It's also great because you can start at the beautiful Sutro baths and depending on how far you want to walk, you can see mile rock beach and the scenic labyrinth with backdrops of the golden gate bridge. The Land's End Labyrinth was created by Eduardo Aguilera in 2004 as a place to find peace and meditate, but it's definitely become more of a tourist attraction. Depending on the time you go, there will usually be a few people there and you'll have to wait for a turn for a photo.
Let me start my review starting with the statement that this is the best trial there is to hike on a weekend. Will definitely come back for the awesome views and relaxing beaches on the way to Golden Gate bridge from Lands end Sutro Baths.. The total 12 miles walk from Sutro Baths to Golden Gate bridge is not only spectacular but also a good cardio for the day.
This is a beautiful "secret" spot to enjoy within miles away from the city. This is also near the Cliff House where you can enjoy the food and scenery. At the Cliff House you are surrounded by the beauty of an ocean view, a fisherman, and the Sutro baths. The history behind the Sutro baths was developed in 1894 by a self- made millionaire Adolph Sutro, who wanted to make a haven for people to enjoy recreational swimming. His baths could allow up to 10,000 people at one time! Crazy! Due to be Great Depression the popularity died down. A high rise fire destroyed parts of the facility in 1966 and what is left is the remains of the baths. Take the mile hike to the labyrinth and view of the Golden Gate Bridge. Along the trail you can see the VA hospital, take a few stairs up to the U.S.S. San Francisco memorial (very tiny), and finally to Lands End Point.  There are sandy stairs to the left that go down to the labyrinth trail and another trail to the right that is just sandy trail. The ocean current winds bring down the temperature to a bitter coldness. Walk in the little maze and take a few pics. Watch the cargo boats go by. Gaze at the Golden Gate Bridge view into the fog. You may continue the trail to Dead Man's Point and Eagle Point Overlook. This was a nice easy hike with great views. I'm glad I took a visit here. Btw, for an additional bonus, the parking is free.
So maybe it's not exactly the "secret hideaway" you were going for considering this place has hundreds of reviews, but this is by far one of my top three spots to explore on a frequent basis and also show visitorsOn a clear, sunny day, this provides for one of the most gorgeous hikes in the city (and take "hike" very lightly--you shouldn't have an issue getting around the area). The trail takes you right along the cliffs for a beautiful view of the ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge. The air is crisp and fresh with the smell of ocean spray permeating throughout the airAt some point at the trail, you'll see steps; if you follow this part of the trail, you'll make it to the "secret labyrinth" at the cliffs which has a gorgeous rock formation and even mor breathtaking view. And if you climb down the cliff just a bit more, you'll make it to the rocky beach area for a nice relaxing picnic or break during your hike. All in all, this is a great place for hiking, running, spending time with friends, or even a romantic little date come sunset.
LOVE Land's End Trail.It's great because it's such a diverse trail. At one end (South/West) you have the beautiful Sutro Baths (where everyone takes the "love rock" picture after walking through a cave). On the other end, you have a short trail hike to the rock formation/maze with a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge.Either way, you get a fantastic view of the bridge, lots of greenery, and great spots of shade/sun, and a definite work out. I've seen locals and tourists come regardless of the day...and you can catch super young kids like 5 years old taking baby steps with their crazy (or courageous) family members, or athletic 20-something yuppies running the trails like bosses. Land's End is one of my favorite trails in SF, and its great miles-long hikes and hard-to-beat views are why I keep coming back.
What a gem of a hike. Located behind Cliff's House, this hike can be as easy or as strenuous as you like. In any case, the views are just phenomenal. There's a visitor center with maps and clean restrooms before you start your trek. There are no restrooms on the trail.Free parking in the lots and along the street. The trail is paved part of the way and dirt/sandy other parts. I wore hiking boots but tennis shoes will do. I saw some in flip flops but they were dragging along. There's some inclines and optional stairs that are well worth the view. The Land's End Trail hike can be done in an hour with stops to the Bath Ruins and detour to the cave. Its about 3 miles roundtrip. I highly recommend stopping by the Labryinth. Ask for a map follow the trail to the end of the stairs and over the hump when you get to the mound of dirt.
Came here on Easter Sunday. Plenty of people hiking on a super windy day. The hike was relatively easy until you try to get to the labyrinth. You have to be careful hiking/climbing down the rocks. Still doable but make sure to wear comfy shoes. Finally seeing the labyrinth and the view of the ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge was definitely worth it!
Your tiny and irrelevant existence to the world as a whole becomes crystal clear when you're standing on one of the breathtaking cliffs, the powerful Pacific Ocean waves crashing underneath you, with the wide open sea on the left, and the Bay on the right, guarded by the majestic Golden Gate Bridge.San Francisco at its best.If you don't feel like hiking, there are plenty of other sights and activities close by. Take the Holocaust Memorial, the Legion of Honor, or the Golf course. Stunning!
Gorgeous walk along the coast where you can see beautiful wild flowers, plants, wildlife, huge waves, and cute dogs. Definitely recommend it! It's beautiful when it's sunny, but also very fun when it's foggy or rainy.
We stopped over at this location on our day tour of San Francisco. The view is beautiful. The staff at the coffee shop were so nice.
This is such a beautiful hike with a view of the ocean and the golden gate bridge. The walk round trip was about 3.3 miles by starting the walk from Sutro Baths all the way to El Camino Del Mar including the labyrinth. To get to the labyrinth, midway of your hike... you'll have to go towards the stairs going down on the left. There are no signs directing you there but on the map, it's where "land's end point" is. It's truly a hidden gem and making the stop here is a must! Overall, pretty easy trail mainly flats with a good set amount of stairs. Had a good workout on my thighs. Follow the Coastal Trail sign and you're in for some beautiful views. Check out Mile Rock Beach while you're at the labyrinth... Nice area for a break.
So beautiful. hiking trail right along the cliffs under the golden gate bridge and sea cliff area. Near China beach and just so pretty. The winds coming off the bay and the water crashing down below all made it so memorable and I could have spent an entire day there just walking the trails and smelling the cool salty air. This is why I moved to the Bay Area. For experiences like this. Check it out, find a parking spot and just go linger amidst the redwoods, the humid air of the salty ocean below and the scenic views of the Golden Gate bridge. It really is what life is all about.
What's not to like about this place?Amazing views. Family-friendly, dog friendly.Get your a$$ out here and go for a walk.
This is as close to a typical tourist day-out as I might get and let's be honest: why would you walk anywhere else to catch a glimpse of the bridge that, among other things, gives San Francisco it's name? Getting to Lands End, for me, was a pleasant enough bus ride down to Sutro Baths where I set out on my trail hike. Going mid-week was a way to ensure I missed the masses but there were still ample fellow walkers to keep it feeling like if I was attacked by a mythical hyena I'd still make it out alive (yes, I'm exaggerating). This remains one of my most fond memories of San Francisco. The walk itself is from Sutro Baths to Pacific Heights is mostly flat and easy to walk (I'd recommend wearing comfortable shoes) and while there's some stairs to it, it's not too taxing. The benefit? Sweeping views of the bay, Pacific Heights and just good old fashioned fresh air!
Hiking date spot?! Check.Dog approved?! Check.Breath-taking views?! Check.Romantic?! Check.Free parking?! Check.We parked where Legion of Honor is at and just walked through the trail where the Golf Course is at. It was such a nice walk/hike plus the gorgeous sunny weather! You could totally bring your furry friend for a walk/jog/run.Also, enjoy the beach to play fetch with your furry friend. Them stairs though.
The real life secret garden! We always wish to have a secret garden for us to hide from the reality and  free our mind. For me, Lands end trail is my secret garden. Of course, you may also organize some fun activities such as hiking, running, or hang out with friends, too. Lands End Trail is connect to the mouth of Golden Gate Park. It is located next to the historic Sutro Bath and Cliff House along the Pacific Ocean coastline. There are a few interesting points to stop by such as Eagle View Point, Mile Rock Beach, Labyrinth, and Lands End Point. At Each point, you are able to enjoy the spectacular view of Golden Gate Bridge which is located across the ocean. My personal favorite point is mile rock beach, which is still not yet discovered by a lot of people. In Mile Rock Beach, besides of the romantic ocean view at sunset, you can practice stone stacking skill in Mile Rock Beach. However, you might have to climb down the long sand staircase and walk all the way down to the beach side, so I suggest wearing a pair of sport shoes instead of regular sandals or sneakers when visiting Mile Rock Beach. To visit Lands End Trail is easy. You may reach there by taking number 38 or 38X Muni bus from Geary Street and get off in front of Lands End Trail entrance. You also can take N Judah Train and get off on Ocean Beach station, which is the last station of N Judah train, and spend another 30 minutes walk along the Ocean Beach to the trail. Other than that, due to lack of public restroom, you may use the bathroom which is located at Cliff House tourist center before go into Lands End Trail. Also, plenty of parking spaces were provided for those who drive. Drivers also may park their car next to Ocean Beach side and reach Lands End Trail by walking. In short, I love Lands End Trail. JIt is good to spend more time with mother nature rather than just stay at home or office.
If you live in the Bay, you should check this place out at least once. The views here are absolutely gorgeous and so relaxing. The trails here is more of a walk instead of a hike (although there is a small section of stairs for those of you that has an issue with them).There is a medium sized parking lot here but I can't comment on how it is during the weekend. There are some other lots down the street for some beach areas though. The bathrooms and visitor center are actually pretty nice for a public park. There's only one downside that I've noticed so far. The area around Sutro Baths is not the cleanest; there's obviously a lot of bird poop but also trash from inconsiderate visitors. One flip flop, a beer bottle, and an empty Cheetos bag were only a few of the things I saw on my last visit. :( Please remember to pick up after yourselves.
By far one of my favorite scenic walks/hikes out there (and I've done many)! This is an extremely easy hike with very minimal shifts in terrain, however, there are a good amount of stairs. I went for sunset, which seemed like a popular time (but not too overcrowded). I would recommend starting the walk from the baths and ending at the park- I went the opposite direction and had to keep looking back for the view of the GG bridge. It's beautiful and serene. You really forget that you're in a city.
What a beautiful area to really gain some piece of mind in the crazy city life.I have been here a handfull of times. Even took some pregnancy photos here with my husband. Even on a weekend it's never crowded and I can't understand why. Its well maintained and you get views that are mind blowing. I always feel like I'm starting into a painting. Like, how could this beauty be real kind of feeling. I took my daughter here recently and although I know she doesn't understand how nice it is yet, I am happy to show photos of her here one day. Who knows, we may not always be so lucky as to live 10 min away from here!Note, that there are some benches near the parking lot and there is another viewing area after you go down about 50 stairs. There is a long trail you can hike or stroll down. I don't really recommend taking a stroller too far down the trail. If you have a baby backpack that would be best. I wish more people would come here to enjoy the beauty!
AUGUST 2-15 From what others have told me, Land End's Labyrinth has been destroyed because of vandalism. I don't know the situation on rebuilding, but want to let others know.  DON'T DESTROY ARTWORK. PLEASE. Onto the review of Lands End...San Francisco, you have me jealous of your beaches. As a SoCal local, I thought that it would be a waste of my time to visit beaches up in San Francisco since I thought the beaches would be similar. No, no. NO! Lands End Trail is unlike any other beach I've been to. Despite the huge amount of people and tourists (including myself) visiting this spot, I recommend coming here. The trails available at Lands End are gorgeous. Due to the weather in San Francisco,  the plant life of the beach/hills, even during the summer, is amazing. There's such a huge variety in color and shrubs and is extremely gorgeous to look at.There's the history of Lands End Trail located in the visitor center, trails to walk down and see the location of abandoned Sutro Baths, a small cave tunnel to walk through, the beach, and many more. Lands End is a great spot to stop by to watch the sunset at San Francisco. The only reason I don't give it a 5 stars is because of the amount of trash that was on the beaches. I saw multiple abandoned beer bottles and even some broken glass in the water. Please be careful and watch where you're walking while on the beaches and clean up after yourself (and others.)
Seriously. I really like this trail!I finally dragged the boy out with me to hunt down the Labyrinth and we brought his puppy/ dog. Shes medium sized and we were worried that we would have to carry her after a bit but she was able to finish the trail.To get to the Labyrinth. Park at the end of El Camino Del Mar, a little past Cliff House. When I got there around... 11:30AM on a Sunday it wasn't that crowded and we found a spot easily.You head down the long stairs towards the water and turn right. (if you're facing away from the stairs) keep going down until you see stairs down on the left. take the stairs, and when it splits off into a sketchy looking path and more stairs. Take the sketchy dirt/ tree-filled path. Keep going and you'll see a cliff-type ending, kind of like the lion king where they hold up Simba. Walk to the edge of that. Look down. TA-DAHH. the labyrinth. I didn't walk all the way to the end so the cliff was blocking it and I kept looking around for it. (hella dumb) loll. If you miss the dirt path, the stairs go down to the beach and you can see the people on the high cliff on the right and that's where the labyrinth is.We walked back up to the main trail and kept going to the left from where we split to go down the stairs to the beach. You go up these intense stairs and keep going down the trail, eventually you will hit Baker Beach.Overall, a really fun hike with a lot of dogs. Can't wait to come again and do the Sutro route.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! If I lived around the area I would run this trail everyday! MOST BEAUTIFUL VIEW! One of the best view from far away of the Golden Gate Bridge. Perfect weather and so many different spots to just hang out and chill. I took this trail all the way to Sutro bath. Pretty easy hike. Only difficult part may be the stairs. I love them! Great workout! I suggest you park at the Camino del mar parking lot then walk down until you hit Legion of Honor! Check that place also! Then head towards the lands end trail. Take the whole trail and it will lead you to the Sutro Bath! During the trail you should check out Labyrinth. You will see stairs leading towards there. Bring some snacks or small lunch to eat to just eat, sit, relax, and enjoy the view! Also best place to take some wedding pictures also!
I can't believe such a beautiful area exists so close to the city! I would kill to have a  trail/hike like this in Orange County. My friend and wonderful hostess took me here last Thursday afternoon, and although we were ill equipped to hike (we both wore boots and carried handbags... I wore a dress and a peacoat, she wore jeans and a cardigan...), I had a fantastic time. The trail itself (or at least the portion I explored) wasn't too strenuous, but enough to get in some decent exercise. I felt very lucky because the weather was nice that day, and I was able to see a beautiful view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the water. The hidden beaches along the way and the plant life are really amazing as well (check out the photos!). I liked it so much that I actually wanted to return again on my 4-day trip to SF, but didn't have time. Will DEFINITELY return if I'm back in the area.
This is an amazing trail!! There's so many stairs though lol. For someone like me, who doesn't actually workout, it nearly "killed" me. That was coming back up though. Also we didn't do the whole trail. We went up to where the rock maze was @ and the beach area down there. It's such an awesome view of the Golden Gate Bridge and seeing the sunset. Also there's a LOT of mussels on the rocks!! I really really like it. You get a good workout, plus a reward from it. You could have a picnic down in that little beach area. There's a lot of people though, so expect it. But it's so worth it!I want to go back!! :D
If you love nice adventure sceneries but hate the hard hikes to get there than this is the trail for you.  Land's End is a very easy hike with very beautiful views and nice photogenic spots.  I suggest going early as parking really fills up later in the day.  The rock formation called the Labyrinth is amazing, but if you come later in the day than it will be hard to get a picture in it as there will be a lot of people navigating their way around it.  The Land's End trail has a wonderful view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the ocean.  Make sure you wear a jacket as it is really windy and cold especially down at the Sutro Baths because it is closer to the ocean.  Land's end is a great place for all types of activities (hiking, picnicking, family outing, watching the sunset and etc). 10/10 would do this again.
I usually disdain going into the city. Parking sucks, it's congested, often dirty/smelly, and all around not my preferred environment for living or hanging out. It takes a lot for me to make the trek into the city from the south bay, and I'm happy to say that the Land's End Coastal Trail is worth it.I'm a pretty nature-y person which is why I don't prefer urban environments, but the Golden Gate Bridge recreational and ocean beach area is quite pleasant. I took my dad to hike (or walk) the Land's End Coastal trail and it was the first time for both of us. It was a beautiful clear day and relatively warm for SF winter weather.Parking understandably sucks on a Sunday late morning, but I was able to find some spots along Ocean beach, which is a short walk, maybe quarter mile, from the trail head. Plus, you get to pass by the Sutro Baths on the way which is also interesting.The trail itself is easy and somewhat populated, but as others have mentioned, provides great clear views of the Golden Gate Bridge. It may be touristy, but it is beautiful. There are also a number of beach access points along the trail where it's a little less crowded (since they're off the main trail). The USS memorial I think is also worth stopping to take a look.The coastal trail is 1.7 miles one way, so it can easily be completed in a morning at a leisurely pace with pauses to take photos. I think it would also make for a nice, short round trip trail run as it's mostly a dirt path and has a little bit of up and down terrain.Bring a light wind breaking jacket that is breathable. Temperature can vary a lot depending on how far you are from the coast and whether you're in the shade. I found myself taking off/putting on my light jacket a couple times. Sunscreen is also probably a good idea.All in all, for someone who hates making the trip into the city, I'm pretty happy I went.
What a hike!! Drove all the way from Sacramento to do this hike. The view of the pacific ocean and gold gate bridge was gorgeous. Started our hike around 9am. Weather was perfect. I remember there was two different trails. All I know is that we took the trail going twds the Golden Gate bridge. The hike was not too hard, but the stairs though...a different story. We followed the trail and also went off the trail just so we can get close to the waters. We also saw the Labryrinth. Coolest thing ever. That is a must. We kept going and going. We finally ended up at China Beach. We did have to go through some residential areas to get there. I remember we were in the El Camino Del Mar area. Man....them houses. So gorgeous and big. The view from China beach was absolutely gorgeous. Couldn't resist we had to get in the water. I didn't bring change of clothes so only my feet and legs got wet.
I completely understand why everyone says this is the *must do* hike of San Francisco.  Gorgeous views (even on a foggy day).  I really enjoyed Rock Beach which is slightly off of the trail.  You have to walk pretty much down a mountain to get to it, but it was beautiful. I will definitely be back.  Dog friendly too which is a huge plus! :)
Land's End Trail is great if visitors only have short amount of time in SF.You get to see everything here! Beaches, forestry trees, sutro baths, GG Bridge, and other scenic views!The hike is not difficult--great for everyone. I even saw females with dresses and heels.So yes, anything is possible :D hahaIf you're up to walking miles and miles under the sun, and doing the stairs, it is possible to see the Sutro baths, caves, and labyrinth within few hours.So much shade once you began on hiking, and it is also breezy.There is also a paved sidewalk to get to Legion of Honor Museum if you guys want to check that out.Huge parking space near Ocean Beach, near the gift shop and near the Cliff House restaurant.
This is an easy hiking trail you can do. Plus where ever you walk to along the paths there's a bit of history as you go. There's the sutro baths, the USS sf memorial, the labyrinth and a perfect view of the golden gate bridge from a far. Plus there's free parking too!
I've been here 3 times and each time was unique and fun! The beach is a great place to enjoy the view and relax, and the trails provide a great workout with an amazing view of the ocean as well as the Golden Gate Bridge. I would definitely recommend this area for both scenery and exercise!
One of my favorite places to go when I feel like hiking in SF. Came here twice and had different experiences and views (mostly the weather). I haven't hiked many places, but when my friends plan a trip to SF, we try to come here because it's very calming. It's not too difficult of a hike, but there's quite a lot of steps. Especially if you are planning to go to Mile's Rock Beach; it's all steps. The steps are covered in sand, so you have to be careful when going down to the beach and back up as you won't be able to tell the steps distinctly.  I don't think I will get tired of this hike mainly because of the amazing views that you can see when the weather is cooperating of course. During the weekends it tends be very busy, but during the work week, there's less people, so you can enjoy nature more without as much noise disruptions. At the Lookout Center, there is a small cafe and the coffee is actually pretty good. In addition, there's a mini store to buy memorabilia items.
This was the most beautiful part of San Francisco.  There's a ship wreck in the area and is kinda cool to be able to be able to see a party of history there.  There's also an area that nicely frames the golden gate bridge and makes for a nice picture.  The hike is a great workout too.  There's a beach at the bottom but it's not for swimming.  Still one of the most beautiful places in the US
I hate reviewing trails.  Why am I doing it again?It's a trail.  It's a TRAIL.  Do you know what a trail is?  That's what this is.  A trail.  You walk along it.  It has a nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge.I don't know what else to say.  Can I laugh at the reviews below mine?  Like the one star review with the person overemphasizing that these cliffs are dangerous?  Oh yes, stay away from this trail along a cliff because it's a trail along a cliff.  You might fall.  Also, one star all restaurants I ate at retroactively, because if I didn't chew my food properly I could have choked and died.  Or drowned in my soup...oh dear.  The world is such a dangerous place.Is that too mean?  Am I being mean to this person I don't know?  Have I lost complete track of where I am in this review?  Yes, yes, and yes?  Good, just confirming all that,It's a nice hike and at no point would you ever be in danger of dying unless you purposefully dash right towards the edge of a cliff (so basically don't be stupid).  I also noticed the trail had a lot of groups of teenage goths walking along it...I'm not even making this up.  There were 4 or 5 groups we passed where a couple of people were wearing all black or Dr. Martens or spikes.  They weren't causing problems but...it was an odd proportion of goths for a hiking trail.  Is this a thing in San Francisco?
Can't get enough of this place! One of the most beautiful spots in San Francisco with the best view of the golden gate. It's the best when the weather is clear and the scenery is spectacular. There's a few steep climbs but well maintained stairs to get you up and down. No bathrooms on the paths or trashcans so be aware. It's really not  a long hike but can feel like one if you don't have the proper shoes or mindset. This captures the beauty of the city and of the California coast. Definitely worth a gander
Classic San Fran Hike. If you live in the bay area it is a must if you like walking. If your a tourist definitely come out and enjoy the breathtaking views...hopefully on a  non foggy day.Great parking lot at trail head with wonderful views...for those who are not inclined to get out of their cars.Great places near by to grab lunch or breakfast: Use your Yelp app!!!!
Awesome trail that everyone in the Bay Area should check out at least once. I like taking friends/family here because it's a great chance to get some fresh air, a little exercise (the hike is pretty flat and and easy walk, except for some steps), and awesome views of the bridge and ocean when the fog isn't heavy. There are a ton of reviews here that explain how to get to the Labyrinth and Sutro Baths--definitely worth checking them out! If you're going to the Labyrinth, you do have to get through a somewhat long set of stairs, so be prepared. Bring a jacket cause it does get windy!
This is a great place to go for a leisurely hike. The view is gorgeous, they have public bathrooms (and they're actually pretty clean!), a store with a small coffee shop inside with some beverages and snack options, and you get gorgeous views of the ocean, Sutro Baths, and on a clear day, the Golden Gate Bridge. I'm definitely gonna bring my mom here when she visits next. :)
This trail is beyond amazing!!! We ended up hiking from the end of the trail (labyrinth location) and then we headed towards the beginning of the trail and enjoyed a nice hike to bakers beach and towards the GGB. The neighborhood and the houses here is so pretty! It definitely didn't have that usual busy SF vibe (which is something new to me considering I'm in SF) lol.. But I loved this hike, definitely one of my favorite one in the Bay Area.
Loved this hiking trail!! There are parking lots as well as street parking. We got lucky, even though it was busy. Just follow the people around to their parking spots. It was a beautiful cool fall day. It was cold, but the weather was great for a hike. It technically wasn't even a hike, but more like an trail. We walked down to the beach, explored the ruins and the cave. You can continue up the path and it'll lead you to a view of the golden gate bridge. It's really nice here and I'd definitely come back and do it again!
So gorgeous!!!!Walk all the way down and you'll get to China Beach (another great destination). There are a lot of steps and it gets muddy after it rains (slippery), so wear appropriate shoes when walking on this trail.
It was a great little hike and not too hot because there was a breeze. The scenery was great. I would go back again.
You can't give this anything less than 5 stars, I mean c'mon!Went here Memorial Day.I still consider myself new to SF because I haven't done much exploring as I should.My friend showed me to this place & for Memorial Day it wasn't too packed. We found parking very easily :)FYI, there are only port-o-potties. So if you can't stomach going into one of those, go before you get there. I honestly wasn't prepared to hike. I was wearing shorts, a crop top & some sandals.But I still made it :)I went passed the sign that said not to pass.WARNING! Do not go pass that point if you are clumsy.Sure I am clumsy but I had my friend with me who off-set that. lol.There is no fence separating you from the cliff-edge. So please be very, very careful. Cannot stress that enough!You have a beautiful view of the Golden Gate Bridge & the sun was shining that day so it was absolutely BEAUTIFUL!We sat & just soaked the view in.
What is there NOT TO LOVE about the Lands End Trail?  It has absolutely breathtaking views of the Pacific Ocean and you can revel in the fresh sea air.  There is a great walking/jogging path with SCENERY.   I've jogged through here before, but it also makes for a nice leisurely walk with friends. There are places along the path to rest and take a break.  Restrooms are available at the guest/welcome center near the parking lot, but be warned, those are the only restrooms in sight for a while (I'm a practical girl).  Watching the sunset here is AMAZING.
Wow, this trail was definitely one of the highlights of my trip, and I only got to enjoy it for less than an hour! I was on a tight schedule, but I really wanted to do a hike while visiting the city. The invigorating feeling of breathing in fresh air during an early morning hike is just one of life's treasures! Anyway, I definitely came over prepared for this trail with my camelback and shoes,lol. The trail itself had smoothed out paths to follow, which made the path quite accessible. Unfortunately, there were cloudy skies the day I went so I didn't get the perfect bridge shot, but it was still a magnificent view.  During our hike we passed some families and even a huge group of elderly hikers. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves and taking in the sights. I really felt thankful that I was able to stop by here and enjoy the breathtaking views!
Both time I was there, I had a great time. This trail is known for the labyrinth but the whole area itself has a bit of something unique to explore. Parking is free which is a rare thing in San Francisco. And there's also extra parking lot on the other side, that face away from the ocean.- Limited time: go check out Sutro Baths- Half Day: take a short hike to labyrinth + Sutro BathsOn my first visit, we only had time to check out Sutro Baths and the cave. It was once a popular Baths that got burned down back in the 19something. As for the cave, it's a small one where you get to explore further more to the ocean. Must wear shoes for this cause the area is pretty wet. On my second trip, I intended to hike to the labyrinth so I was prepared to explore  the whole place. There are plenty of trails for you to choose from so it's hard to navigate anyone. As long you stay on the coastal trail,  it will take you there. We did a lot of exploring that day so we went all over. But once you get to the labyrinth, you can see the Golden Gate bridge from far away. Lucky us, it was nice and sunny that day so the view was spectacular! Walking around the maze was fun as well.I wouldn't call this hiking since it was an easy trail. It was more of walking along the coast and enjoying nature kinda thing. Though, wearing shoes would be more appropriate and a jacket is a must because it gets pretty windy there!
This is an amazing place to go for locals and tourists alike! Even though the parking lot is quite small, there is a lot of street parking just one street down. The trail is very flat with only some stairs, and there are points of interest along the way. It's also located close to the sutro baths so you can check out that while you're there. There are various viewpoints along the trail that give an amazing view of the Golden Gate bridge (given no fog...always a gamble) and there is a fun little rock labyrinth on a small side path that you can walk to.
My friends and I came here to take a bunch of pictures. There were various trails to choose from. It was a nice and beautiful day to enjoy mother nature. Thank goodness from friendly people and cute puppies to make our hike fun. We found a couple of gems on the trail. If you go on this trail try to find them!
Another beautiful spot to visit. If you want a nice hike or a beautiful view of the ocean or Golden Gate bridge, this is the spot! Tucked away in the neighborhood of the very large houses, it is a wonderful spot to get some hiking in.We didn't get in a hike, but we did see the views, totally worth it!
One of my favorite trails in San Francisco. An hour is a good amount of time to spend to get in some good walking and breath taking pictures of the ocean, lush forest landscape, and Golden Gate Bridge.
This place is seriously beautiful. I can't believe I never knew about it until now! I love how this trail has amazing views all along it.  If you don't want to walk too much, you can park at the Cliff House parking lot and just walk down the steps to see the Sutro Baths.  The Sutro Baths are right next to the ocean, so it almost looks like beautiful ruins next to the sea.  Great place for picture taking or life talks haha.If you decide you want to do some hiking, it splits into several paths that you can take, which are fun to explore.The main coastal trail is very well-maintained (no litter and very few plants growing on the actual path), but there's plenty of plants and shrubs along it to keep the nature-y feel of it :) Along the trail, there are several "stops" with benches that give you amazinggg views of the golden gate bridge. Makes for great pictures :)The famous Labyrinth is along this trail as well.  But beware, there are many many many flights of steep stairs that you have to go through before you can get to it.  There's also a higher path that takes you directly above the Labyrinth so that you get a nice aerial view of it!Love this trail and will definitely be back with my camera to get some even nicer shots!
I love Lands End! Great location to capture BEAUTIFUL views of the Pacific Ocean, Golden Gate Bridge, and nature. Relatively easy hiking though the steps / stairs when heading back up from Mile Rock Beach go on and on and on... Hence, productive cardiovascular exercise! Not too far from the ruins of the Sutro Baths, a cool cave, Legion of Honor, and Ocean Beach. The labyrinth is neat, too = a must-see; I've read that it was compiled in 2004 and intended for meditation & relaxation. Anyhow, check it out! Grab a FREE map from the Lands End Lookout (visitor center) - which also has a cafe and clean restrooms. Ample parking (several lots) in the area. Though you may have to walk a bit - dependent on where you find parking. To reiterate, I love this area of the city & plan to revisit again and again and again... Tips...--Hope for clear weather so as to catch amazing views! --Dress in layers! It can get chilly & windy! --Wear comfy shoes (not sandals)--Bring along the camera :)
I finally did the trail! Last time I only had time to just pop into the Sutro Bath but didnt get to hike or anything. First off, parking here is difficult. You will be circling for days as I did around Saturday at 1ish. So this trail is not tough at all. This is touristy so you will see those Asian buses and bunch of cameras. You dont need to wear workout gear for this but having flip flops would be cool if you want to chill by the beach. So if you want to see the labyrinth which is that circular maze that you see everyone and their mom pose at, then it is 1.5 miles to get there, 3 round trip. While getting there, you can wander to the beach and climb rocks and go through the trees and what not. It is a fun place to just explore and spend your day after a classic brunch in SF. I spent a good 3-3.5 hours just exploring and taking photos. You can get a view of the Golden Gate bridge and I think you can hike further if you please. Just to warn you, SF may be cooler especially near the Pacific but bring sunblock if it is sunny! Jeez I burned for dayzzzz
One of the best "hikes" to do in SFIt's relatively short and offers great views of the GG bridge. Parking can be horrendous on certain days but if you time is right you can grab a spot in the three parking areas. As of my visit on 8/15, the iconic Labyrinth is gone. All that remains is the outline of where the rocks used to be.
Great hike! I've been meaning to do the Land's End Trail for awhile because I always end up at Sutro Baths but have never gotten the chance. I finally decided to drop by this place on a Sunday afternoon and do the hike and it was awesome. You get some beautiful views of the GGB (classic SF). It's not even a real hike by East Coast standards haha it's super West Coast--the paths are super paved and have been walked on by a million people. You totally don't even need proper sneakers or anything. Just comfortable walking shoes are enough. It's a pretty short trail though--we were probably in and out after an hour. You can enter from the Sutro Baths side or the Sea Cliff side. Totally didn't realize that the Sea Cliff side was even an option. I mostly love this place because I think it's an awesome reminder of how cool SF is--it's crazy how you can just dive into full blown nature and trees for parts of it--you totally forget that the city is only a few minutes away by car... it's awesome. If you want a less touristy run, I definitely recommend coming in from the Sea Cliff side. The Sutro Baths side gets a little congested because that's where all the tourists are, but most people only make it to the fork that takes you down to the stone pebble maze. The maze is cool but definitely overrated. tldr; beautiful views of the ocean and GGB, super easy and light hiking trail and an easy way to be active while escaping the city life
Best trail in the city. I find myself coming here every Friday morning to get a work out in. You'll have sweeping views of the Golden Gate Bridge throughout the hike. The Coastal Trail goes right along the ocean, and the waves crashing against the cliffs give the place a dramatic atmosphere. Truly breathtaking. You will completely forget you are in the middle of a city! It can get a little bit windy and cold since you are right on the coastline, so come prepared with a jacket.Quick tips:-Easy, free parking: park at the open lot off of Point Lobos Ave by the Cliff House restaurant. -Take the winding, paved trail to the Golden Gate Bridge outlook. Continue straight onto the dirt path that takes you through the forest along the coastline.-Dog friendly!-Trail is mostly flat (with the exception of two spots with stairs), so you can take visitors/family and it won't be too strenuous.-The trail is what you make it, so you can certainly get a good workout in. This trail seems to be popular with joggers. -About halfway through the hike, you'll see some stairs leading down to the coast. Take those stairs. This leads you to Mile Rock Beach and you will end up at a beach cove. Here is where you will find the Labyrinth overlooking the bridge. Depending on the time of day, there will be no one else in sight and it feels like your own private beach cove :)FIVE STARS!!
