Uh, for those of you that have the Samsung Gear VR  (Virtual Reality) headset there is a game called "Land's End" where you go through a virtual environment similar to the photos I'm seeing on here. You solve puzzles by activating energy points on stones and connecting it with points on other stones to "complete the circuit" which opens gateways or lift portals so you can advance through the environment. I think this National Park is the inspiration for the VR game.  Check it out on YouTube.
This may be my favorite place in SF. So beautiful, and so peaceful. There's a great hiking trail that will take you north about a mile and half. If you go a bit further, you can get to China Beach or Baker Beach.Lands End is also located right next to Ocean Beach (neighboring to the south), and is accessible via the light rail muni or the bus. It isn't always sunny and warm in this part of the city, but when it is, it doesn't get any better. Great views of the ocean, and interesting scenery all around. Also, great trails to wander about. There are also a few good restaurants nearby, although I usually pack a lunch when I head out there. Well worth the trek!
OVERVIEW: Lands End is a great place to visit if you're in SF. It's located next to the Sutro Baths and has a pretty nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge. You won't be able to get super clear pictures with the bridge since it's still a little far and usually foggy but Sutro Baths, the labyrinth, AND full view of the Golden Gate Bridge in one place makes it worth the stop. DIRECTIONS: To get to lands end, put in the address for Fort Miley and it'll take you to the closest parking lot. Once you park, there's a set of stairs to take you down to the coastal trail that is less than a mile away from the labyrinth. If there's no parking there, there are a few other parking lots by the visitor center, on the street, and across the street.HIKE: From the start of lands end, the hike is less than a mile of flat land with one or two set of stairs so it's perfectly doable for kids and dogs. The trail has a lot of trees and great scenery for pictures. Later there's a split in the trail when you get closer to the labyrinth. The left will take you down stairs and around to your destination, and the right trail is a shorter distance upwards to the labyrinth. There are a few other easy hiking trails you could take upwards around the area; and to get to Sutro Baths, it's a .3 mile walk down from the start of Lands End.
One of my favorite spots to take a hike in the city. It's always a lovely walk or jog at Lands End even when there is some weather. There are a few different trails and you can opt to make it a challenging or leisurely hike. There is the bonus breeze from the water and gorgeous views of the the golden gate bridge. It's a great place to have as a regular outdoor hiking spot and taking out of town guests to visit. You can spend as little or much time exploring the old Sutro baths, labyrinth, steps, and lookouts. Or enjoy a routine workout with a view. There is a visitor center close by with a cafe. The Cliff House is close by if you want to have a drink or food with a view. If you choose to drive there are a few parking lots. Parking is free of charge if you're lucky enough to snag a space.
Awesome hike leading down to the labyrinth, mile rock beach and eventually later to the Sutro Baths.  Probably my favorite hike in SF.  You get a nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge as well.  Hike is pretty chill and very rewarding.  This hike should definitely be on your list if you are visiting sf.
I have lived in the Bay Area all my life and I am still a tourist when I go to San Francisco. I was SO not ready for that hike, with a heavy parka coat and boots with heels. It was very so worth the hike/walk though, the view is just amazing. I would recommend wearing tennis shoes.  We ended up getting lost going to lands end but walked through a forest like area and finally got to a trail that led us to lands end.
Lands End was amazing! This review is for people who didn't know where they were going and followed Google Maps until they couldn't anymore... AKA me. Google Maps led me to the very end of the road, where I saw the Sutro Baths sign. Because there were only 3 options, turn left to leave the whole area, go straight to park for Sutro Baths, and turn right, we decided to turn right and follow everybody else. We reached a parking lot, so we parked there. After following people to the trail, I saw that the Golden Gate Bridge was to my right, which I knew was correct because of the pictures I've seen of the labyrinth. The trail is made of dirt, so don't be like me and wear appropriate shoes! Some parts got rocky and slippery. The view was gorgeous throughout the whole entire trail.I kept following the trail until I almost gave up. A runner passed by and I asked if she knew where the labyrinth was and she told me that it's close and to the left. I kept walking until there was a route to turn left, so I did. It's pretty difficult going down to the labyrinth, especially without proper shoes, and I felt that if I had slipped, I could've fallen down the cliff. Be careful walking down to the labyrinth!Finding the labyrinth was completely worth it, but be aware of people who actually walk around it like a maze. I went when it was sort of busy, and I had to wait in order to take a nice picture.
Reason for visit: Adventures!Visit date: January 2, 2015First time? Yes.This is a wonderful place to hike, explore, and spend time outdoors. Best part - you can't get lost because most of the trails are loops, and there are plenty of signs and maps around. It's a bit touristy, but locals also love it here. There are lots of places to stop for photos and enjoy the crashing ocean waters. Wear layers - it's always chilly. Nearby - the Sutro Baths. You can explore both in a couple of hours. Parking is lot and street and relatively easy, even on this holiday weekend.
Great for:That one week of SF where it is actually nice and warmPeople who are in love with dogs - lots of cute dogs spotted here!Taking those beautiful cover photos for Facebook, ya know!Tourists who have a car, and have time to drive out to the very most Northwest point of SF!Great place to hike, and if you've found yourself to have had a busy day, this is a great place to come at sunset and just unwind with your significant other. My bf and I came on the first day of summer, since it was the longest day of the year, and just watched the sunset. It was a beautiful spot, and also very therapeutic and stress-relieving to watch the sunset on the rolling waves and disappear towards the Golden Gate Bridge. There are lots of benches for you to sit and just enjoy the beautiful view. Tons of easy parking, also! Missing this spot already...I love by city by the bay!!
The hike include stairs but it's not that bad. However, when you reach down to the Pacific Ocean, it is so beautiful! I highly recommend going to lands end. There is also a great view of Golden Gate Bridge which makes the hike worth it.
Awesome touristy spot for out-of-towners or even for NorCal residents!  Lands End offers a very easy and short hike to a breathtaking and amazing view of what SF has to offer. There are different trails you can take but the one we chose to do, lead us to the man made labyrinth!  I forgot which trail this is but if you find yourself going down a ton, and I mean a TON of stairs, you'll end up where we ended up :)The labyrinth is really cool for photo ops.  You also get a really awesome view of the ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge from afar.  I do, however, recommend to come when it is less windy.  I went on Saturday early afternoon around 1pm ish and the winds were STRONG.  We couldn't take the best pictures due to all the wind, but we worked with what we were dealt with.
Again, I don't know which is more ridiculous, the fact that someone chose to flag my original Lands End review on Yelp or the fact that Yelp HQ chose to remove my review.  Did Yelp believe that Lands End itself would sue for libel?I've been to Lands End dozens of times.  I even know the exact Lands End location of the San Francisco-side anchor of the World War II-era antisubmarine screen.  Does that satisfy you, Yelp?  Below is my original review.  Cheers.==========It's not worth your precious time. Don't come here. Please don't come here. There's nothing to see here.Go to the Marina or SOMA or PowerExchange or Fisherman's Wharf or San Jose or something. Really, you'll like all those places. They're all full of character and one-of-a-kind and uncrowded and culturally and architecturally significant.Leave Lands End to the banana slugs. Please.
My favorite park in my favorite city in the US. Lands End is special to me for many reasons, and every time I'm here, it's a treat to go back and spend a sunny afternoon hiking the long path along the edge of SF. The park is huge. You could spend an entire day here (if not an eternity) and keep yourself moving the entire time. In addition to the paths and vistas, they have a great little visitors center complete with coffee shop and cafe (of course), which overlooks the beach often busy with surfers and views unparalleled. The large parking lot is also located at this end, which is convenient. The other end of the path will spill you out into The Presidio, so be prepared to either walk all the way back or have a plan in place for pick-up.  It really is one of my most favorite places in the world -- not only because my husband proposed to me here along the cliffs, but because it's a taste of what this edge of the world looked like before humans set up camp and changed the landscape forever. It's a natural wonder within a city, and totally worth visiting and soaking in at every opportunity you get.
There's so many things to look at at Lands End! The trail, the ocean, the view of Golden Gate Park, the Labyrinth, Sutro Baths, etc. It's great, and the views are awesome. There are also many dogs being walked. I think Lands End refers to one giant area, and it's pretty nice. The walk to see all the main points is mostly pretty flat, except for a staircase climb at one point. Great views, although it's just a bit out of the way for public transportation. Otherwise, definitely come check it out while in San Francisco! There's also plenty of parking, but come a bit earlier (we arrived around 10AM on a weekend and the parking lot was almost all full except for a few spots). When we left around 1:30PM, cars were waiting for parking spaces. Come check it out, it's awesome!
Lands End is a beautiful trail near Ocean Beach, the Cliff House, and above the Sutro Bath House. There's a very large parking lot, so parking is easy and free which is great. On the trail, there's a stone labyrinth which is picture worthy and a there's a few places with benches to stop and take in the view. This trail makes for a lovely walk and a great sunset spot. My boyfriend and I frequently pack our backpack shares and a cooler and come here for the stunning sunset. We usually have the trail mostly to ourselves around that time too. It's very romantic. :)
A must see spot in SF for sure. Lands end is GORGEOUS. Its definitely more of a nature stroll than a hike. I came here on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty packed. Parking is free but good luck cuz there's SO MANY FREAKIN PEOPLE lol. There's some cool lookout spots you can get to just by walking along the trail. Also tons of giant rocks to climb atop of at the bottom. Sutro baths is also on the other side. Probably a 10 minute walk to that end. Also a great place to bring dogs.
I hate anything outdoors.  Dirt is disgusting.But, I'll make an exception for Land's End.  It's not just breath-taking, it's also majestic.  You'll be in awe  of its beauty.  Even if you hate hiking like I do, it's still a must-see.
Yes! Loved this hike! It isn't a very difficult hike, but there are a lot of stairs. I probably wouldn't suggest this for young children because of the uneven terrain and steep hills. I wasn't intending on going on a hike the day I came here, so I arrived in boots. I was still able to complete the hike but I would definitely choose footwear with more grip the next time I go!The rock formation is awesome! You can get a birds eye view of it and you can also walk down and take pictures next to it. It is, however, situated on a cliff, so if you are scared of heights I would stay away from the edge. Overall, if you are in SF and need something to do during the day, go here! It's beautiful.
Adventure time in San Francisco is never complete with a trip to Lands End.  Packed away in the North West corner of San Francisco.  This place is a great place to enjoy an #activesunday.Not knowing which side to start from, we started from the Sutro Bath side and ventured towards the Golden Gate Bridge.  I never knew that there was such a rich history to the Sutro Baths and the view of the crashing waves of the oceans were breathtaking.  Walking along the trail, there were magnificent views of the bay bridge and the surrounding areas.  We even saw a person filming some type of video on his drone. The trail was fairly easy with a couple flights of stairs.  Don't forget to check out the rock labyrinth.  Head down towards mile rock beach and stay on the right when you come to a fork in the trail.
Very pretty and we had some amazing views of the Golden Gate Bridge and San Francisco generally. It's also a nice place to hike, though the hiking trail is often unmarked and we had to backtrack a couple times.  The trail is also a bit steep (and not closed off) in certain areas, which could be a safety issue.  Other than that, I really enjoyed our visit to Lands End.  Super idyllic views, even on a foggy day!
Great place to go for a run that runs along the cliff side of the bay. It offers you views of the Marin headlands, Golden Gate Bridge, the rock "labyrinth," Sutro baths... The trail runs about 3-3.5miles out and back. Come out by the Sutro baths or Mile Rock Beach right before sunset to catch some pretty breathtaking views!
Awesome hike with amazing views! Not sure why I've never been to this Bay Area treasure. The views are so breathtaking. I look forward to coming back again soon!
I'm in love with Land's End. Wish we could have spent more time here. :)Plenty of hiking along the trail, and the views of the bay & Golden Gate Bridge are just magnificent. I'm in awe! :) Hooray!Parking available along the street, there's a restroom near the Legion of Honor you can use, if need be.Many families, runners, and hikers frequent this area. There's a golf course near by too.
SO PRETTY! An easy 1.5 mile stroll along the Coastal Trail (with some mild-difficulty stairs here and there) if you want a closer look of the Golden Gate Bridge. BUT if you're feeling lazy yet want some amazing scenery, less than half-way of that is the split to Mile Rock Lookout trail where you'll eventually hit Land's End Point. Really breath-taking views along the way. You may want to bring a light jacket as it's cool by the ocean; although the hike itself will warm you up. Parking is more difficult to find especially on weekends. Definitely recommend coming here if you're looking for something touristy to do!
I cannot express in words how beautiful this park is. It has beautiful scenery and a gorgeous view of the bay, parts of the city, and a picture perfect shot of Golden Gate Bridge. The trails are easy to hike through and you'll pass through old military memorials. Parking is also not a hassle because of the multitude of spaces. The only thing is that please dress for windy cold weather. This place is amazing.
Land's End is absolutely beautiful and it's a shame that I've visited only less than ten times! My best friend and I usually walk this path whenever we want to talk or enjoy the beautiful weather after getting food in the Richmond district and my boyfriend and I love this place because it was one of our first date spots a couple years back. As for the hike, it's very short, easy, and almost like a stroll through the park! I've seen a couple people bring babies and dogs while some enjoy the trails for running or biking. As for the type of footwear you should wear, you should definitely wear something with some sort of grip because I have slipped and fell wearing boots! If you're up for it, you can hike through the El Camino Del Mar side, pass through Baker Beach, go up the sand stairs, and trek all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge! The whole hike to the Golden Gate Bridge is about 1-1.5 hours at a semi-slow pace. I definitely recommend going on this hike!
Beautiful place to watch the sunset!  That's saying quite a bit, since I'm comparing it to all the places I watch the sunset while growing up in Hawaii.  Tips:- It can get a bit chilly, so make sure to bring a blanket or extra layers- Buffer some time to find parking, there is a lot, but only with limited spots- If you plan ahead of time, you can also squeeze in a hike
Beautiful place to hike. Lots of people though so I would recommend going the week days or off hours on the weekend. So worth it!
So I brought my mom here for the first time last week.  She's never hiked before living in America... which has been over a decade.  I needed a place that had relatively flat paths with a few stairs and plenty of resting place - I couldn't of picked a better place.  Perfect for the hiking newb or a low intense walk.
What a great nature area buried among the city (well, on the side of I guess since it's on the coast...). It's a great place to go exploring and hiking or even casual walking. Here you can find many beaches and beach like areas, the sutro baths, the labyrinth. cliffs, and some great trails. It's a beautiful scene with sand, grass, and water. On a clear day, you can see awesome views of the golden gate bridge. Overall, this is a great place to hang out and enjoy the outdoors.
We thought we were entering Fort Miley for some beautiful views of the Golden Gate Bridge and the water. Little did we know, at the time, that we would be able to descend all the way to the beach with some breathtaking stops along the way. If you don't take the trek all the way down to the rocky beach, you will be missing out on something extraordinary.The journey starts as an easy one, following a gentle trail down the side of the mountain. Once you realize you can go all the way to the water, you also realize you are going to make quite a descent. Forget that you have to climb all the way back up later, it will be worth it. The way down involves a lot of steps, but you are also welcome to find some more off-road opportunities to make it a little more interesting.It's called Lands End for a reason, or so it seems, because that is the feeling you have when you make it to the bottom. You can climb rocks, walk along the rocky surf with its crashing waves and just take the time to enjoy the views in all directions. For a New Yorker, it's comparable to walking down beneath the lighthouse to the rocky shore at Montauk, however, there is no bridge in your view there and no land across the way. Lands End is slow decline into serenity. Take the time to reach Lands actual End and remind yourself how beautiful it was while you walk back up.
It was a marvelous, sunny and a bit windy day to walk along the Land's End trail!  Not only was it fulfilling, I felt like I was on an adventure or exploring along the way.  There were a few diversions from the main path and I encourage you to take those multiple paths because it was quite nice on not knowing what you may possibly encounter.  Plus, you're not going to get lost.  It's simply a leisurely trail where you can enjoy the view of the ocean, Golden Gate Bridge and the greenness of nature.  Go on a scavenger's hunt to seek the labyrinth, Sutros Bath and a cave!  There is a paved, clean middle path that use to be where the railroad tracks were back in the days!It was a lovely stroll - simply put.
There are multiple trails here but my friend and I took the Mile Rock Trail to get down to the beach. Ok, so I admit this hike in general was short. And by looking at the overall map of Lands End, the trails are not long so I guess it can be considered an EASY hike... But it is not a stroll down the park like my friend suggested (I wanted to punch her after my hike). I guess it kind of depends on what you want to do but the Mile Rock Trail consisted of stairs that were not even and some parts were immersed in sand. I think from the starting point to get down to the beach is 0.8 miles and about half of it was STAIRS. Not only was it a work out coming back up but going down as well because there were alot of rocks/sand so you had to watch your step. So no I don't think it's a stroll. And I am glad I brought my hiking shoes. I admit since the hike is short you can do with tennis/running shoes but if you're thinking of wearing flats or sandals or flipflops like some of people I saw on this hike... think again! I loved this hike because I loved the scenery! You can see the Golden Gate Bridge from a far! It really is a picture perfect moment. Secondly, this hike is shady! Yay for breezing Nor Cal weather with ample trees! :) And despite the fact that there were alot of stairs I did get a really good work out out of it. My legs are still sore as I write this review...I definitely want to check out Lands End again and explore the other trails! Yay! :)
I loved walking the coastal trail! I did 4 miles from the Sutro baths to the Golden Gate Bridge. It was a cold, windy Nov day but quite a few people were out as well. The views were stunning! I highly recommend walking the trail!
Really beautiful area for a hike and to take great photos of the GGB. I used to come here more often while I was in H.S and we used to play at the arcade at the cliff house before they took that away. Recently, I came here last weekend with the hubby and our dog Benji, to make some new memories with our brand new camera (after some a-hole stole our old ones complete with all the pics.) Anyway, on a sunny day you can see everything for miles away and it's like a mini escape from the day to day city life.
This hike was amazing it was one of most beautiful places we've been going through beautiful hike getting to where we need to go through the beach through the rocks as always was able even to stop to fish for once.  beautiful pictures there Got lost in the forest back bc we tried to go UP from lands end but it only leads u to bushes and dead trails so go back from where u came. Go on a weekday much less packed .And I saw a many catch a huge perch, awesome site
come here for a small hike to reach an amazing view of the golden gate bridge. you'll pass the ever so famous labyrinth and sutro baths, and if you continue hiking further up you'll see the ocean and all it's vast beauty. probably a good idea to come here when it's not foggy though so you can actually see the bridge.
So many beautiful trails with some of the most amazing view of the Bay from a different part of the city! Unfortunately I got caught in the infamous San Fran fog and was unable to clearly see the bridge from the trails but still worth every part of the hike! Hands down one of my favorite places in the city that is tucked away in the North West! Def recommend stopping by on either a perfectly clear day or foggy day in the city!
Lands End, the farthest western point beyond the Golden Gate. It's without a doubt one of the top sightseeing spots in California, and a hike here never disappoints.Some hotspots include beaches, caves, rocks, and bay-side paths. You can hike, sightsee, do yoga, walk your dog, paint [a picture of] the bridge, and do tons of other stuff. My personal favorite experience is taking a picture with Angel Island in such a way that it looks like the island covers up the entire bay.
Great easy trail hike. If it's clear you get wonderful views of the pacific, Marin headlands, and the Golden Gate Bridge. If it's foggy you feel like you've been transported outside of the city to an enchanted land.
Probably one of the most beautiful places I've ever been to. It's a little out of the way, but I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who finds themselves in the SF area. The view is fabulous. You get an amazing view of the Pacific Ocean from a high vantage point along a rocky cliff with flowers framing the way. I'd consider it one of SF's gems, and it's wonderful way to escape the city for a while.
Such a beautiful place to walk and take pictures!! We also watched the sunset, and it was wonderful. We had such a great view.
Land's End simply took my breath away.Make your way here to witness the most beautiful sunset you will ever see.
My favorite place in SF. I loveeeeeeeee this place, and I highly recommend you check it out. It's awesome how you can get away from the busy city, come here, and feel at peace! My friends and I came here on a sunny day, parked around Legion of Honor (also another pretty place you should check out!), and walked through the golf course to get to the Lands End trail. You can follow the signs to various places which lead to you unique locations that aren't too far off. I recommend wearing comfortable shoes (for the stairs, dirt, etc), jacket (all the wind made my arms and fingers freeze), and hair tie (for people with long hair). If you gotta pee, there's a bathroom at Sutro Baths.
The view at Lands End is certainly impressive. Waves crash against the rocks, ships passby, and a ball of fire drops into the Pacific Ocean at sunset. Yet there is more than all this at Lands End. There is a clear view of the ruins of the Sutro Baths and a trail to see them up close. This is also the starting point for many other hiking trails.It is easy to enjoy all that Lands End has to offer. There are benches to sit on. There is free parking in a large paved lot. There is also a nice park office and gift shop. The café has surprisingly good food.  I really did enjoy the smoked salmon. This treat was much better than the run-of-the-mill food at most parks
Absolutely breathtaking views of Golden Gate Bridge. The trails are entrancing and you forget your in the city. Robin Williams home is at the end hidden. I really found to me the memorial of the USS San Fransico. To see the remains of the deck plate and side with the holes in it was powerful. Reading the history of this small ship charging dead center in the battle of the Solomon Islands. Sinking one ship and incapacitating two larger ships. Definitely a place I would go to relax and distress. The view is unreal.
We are so lucky to live close by!!!
This place makes you feel small in the most wonderful way. It's truly a marvel to stand at the edge and lookout onto the Pacific.There are a few trails you can take, but I've only ever wandered the Coastal Trail. It's handicap accessible until Mile Rock Overlook and bike accessible until Eagles Point steps. It's a really pleasant, leisurely trail, very low-difficulty that allows you to catch amazing views of the ocean and Golden Gate Bridge. I love coming here when the fog is rolling in -- makes for some amazing shots!The weather is cold and windy even in summer (it's SF!), so bring a jacket, no skirts and enjoy the view.
I'm a fifth generation San Franciscan.  Life has taken me far, far away from my beloved ancestral city but I still manage a trip back every two years or so.Land's End is pretty much my favourite place in SF (which happens to be my favourite place in the world), and I always manage a hike here when I'm in town.  I have lovely memories of walking here with my dad as a child where he'd reminisce about the old Playland at the Beach nearby and we'd look at the crumbling remnants of the Sutro baths.  Land's End is wild, peaceful, and gloriously scenic.   You will see great views of the Golden Gate Bridge from the ocean side, along with crashing waves, and gorgeous old cypress trees, permanently bent from the wind.  An unmissable SF experience.
Simply beautiful. You get to see the bridge as well as the breath taking ocean view of the bay. It's a wonderful walk/hike and though the park is huge, it's worth the sweat and sunburn. You  must visit this gorgeous piece of landmark.
nice place from Sutro Baths ruins to great views of Golden Gate Bridgeparking is hard to find though
It was better than I expected. The view was just breathtaking. The beach, trees and plants were a perfect balance of greenery and rocky shore. A lot of stairs but well worth it. Bring water and snacks and comfy shoes!!! Its not worth it to show up cute...seriously. I didn't understand why people showed up with heeled boots and work shoes. U won't last longer than the parking lot....lol!
After a couple of wondrous trips to both Santa Cruz and Big Sur - I was starting to waver a little on my recent declaration that I was "Permanently Dating San Francisco." The mellow vibe of Santa Cruz was enticing. The lush landscape of Big Sur captivating. But after an energizing hike around Lands End this past weekend - I am reminded of why I adore this unique and majestic city. Lands End is spectacular. The Lands End trails are well kept and perfect for morning and early dusk walks.  The landscape which stretches along the trail is absolutely breathtaking. Staring at the rolling waves as you gaze upon the wonder that is the Golden Gate Bridge is one of the most nourishing experiences in the city.Trust.
Go there at midnight. It's life changing.
A couple friends and I went here on a Sunday afternoon and were lucky to come on a clear day. This is the best hike to get a view of San Francisco and the golden gate bridge. We were glad to come with a couple locals because they took us off the regular path and led us to unfamiliar ways to tourists. Flat land on the regular path but if you know the local way there's a lot of ups and downs and rocks to climb which is really fun. You eventually wrap around the paths and get a great view of the Golden Gate bridge. Great views of the coast and I would definitely recommend this to everyone and anyone!GOOD:-Views are beautiful! One of the best spots to view SF-Great hike near the coast and you can see the Golden Gate bridge-Free parking-Near Ocean Beach and Cliff House-Family friendly placeBAD:-Could get a little crowded-Parking is available but can sometimes be tricky to find a spot
It is one of the beautiful places to sightsee....Many short trails and a breath taking view every step of the way!The experience of looking out at the vast pacific is an amazing feeling..
Beautiful hike that isn't too hard.  Good for a mid day stroll if you want great views of the bay!
So beautiful! Huge parking lot made it easy for me to drive up, enjoy a spectacular view, and read my book. Rude tourists made it hard for me to keep a good attitude (whyever do you feel the need to stand right in front of me when on either side there are tons and tons of good views without blocking my good view). Warm sunshine on this late December day made it all worthwhile, and my perogi from Cinderella made it that much better! Can't wait to return for a little walk/hike sometime!
Nice location to view Sutro Baths, Cliff House, Seal Rock, incoming freighters /aircraft carrier. Hiking trail available to see USS San Francisco Memorial or if walk longer to Legion of Honor museum. Also can sit on park benches and eat sandwiches or your take out while view ocean scenes. We take our visiting friend and relatives here as a tourist spot. Tip:  Go early or risk not finding parking in the lot. Tour busses also come here. No charged fees for parking so people park longer for hiking and exploring.
Glory Glory Hallelujah! I love the end-of-the-Earth windswept magical feeling here at this 'sunset-gazer's paradisical pinnacle of the peninsula.'Why am i talking like Zagats?This area is rich with good stuff: I love the history of the Cliffhouse, how the adventuring upperclass  raced over the then-impassible dunes of SF to settle a bet. The Sutro baths ruins imparts an image of ancient Roman while you ponder the sunset from anywhere along this coastline here (if it ain't just a white screen of fog). There's great free parking and an old windy walking trail that undulates towards the Golden Gate Bridge (it was a former scenic train line for visitor's to the majestic park at Land's End). In spring I found wildflowers about and magic sunsets and views of the GG Bridge all along the 19 which sways from here to back through the Presdio. Abandoned military barracks and fort installments along this route are fun to scramble around!
I wrote a review for the trail, which is breathtaking. I can't give this a 5, because I think the new building (while very nice) is too touristy. Parking is more an issue than ever. Forget about finding a spot in the lots. We finally found one on the street and only because I have the smallest compact car that could fit into the space. The park is beautiful, but I do think that the pricey gift shop and coffee shop unnecessary. Nice bathrooms though.
I've been to San Francisco numerous times and have barely discovered this place. I could sit here and just enjoy the amazing views, it is very peaceful and serene. We did have to make our way down the hill to get near the water. It wasn't very steep but it is a dirt path so don't come here in sandals! I wore boots, I'd recommend comfy shoes. A lot of people were taking pictures and roaming around the area. There was also a little cave to walk through where you can hear the waves crashing in. It was really dark inside but kinda cool. Don't forget your camera when you come visit Lands End!
What a beautiful hike! Even though it was quite foggy and we couldn't see the Golden Gate Bridge very well, it was still an amazing view. The trail my friends and I went down wasn't too long. We saw the mini labyrinth on the way down to the shore, where there are huge logs you can sit on to eat and enjoy the view. The hike wasn't difficult. I wore converses and was fine. You often have the choice between stairs or gravel trails.
This may be the best park in all of San Francisco. It's foggy and cold 350 days a year but it's one of the few places in the city where you can really feel like your out in Nature. Sometimes, if your really lucky you might get a great view of the GGBR.I love this place. Parking is easy and the 38 stops right accross the street.
Five freaking awesome and excited stars.If I told you I grew up in San Francisco and never visited Lands End, would you promise not to smack me?Well, yeah, I did. And I finally visited this past weekend for the first time.It was AWESOME. From the gorgeous vista of the ocean to the FREE and plentiful parking to the well-marked trails, Lands End was all that, a bag of chips, and a side of churros, too.If you're visiting the city, I highly recommend this spot for beautiful sightseeing and a nice break from the concrete jungle.Bonus: Amazing view of the Golden Gate Bridge.
What a great spot for a hike. Great views, temperate weather pretty much all of the year. (Bring layers, which is a given anywhere in the Bay Area.)I don't know if I just got lucky, but I pulled right up into a parking spot. There looked to be plenty of parking. I'll be back for sure. Need to find all the cool stuff that everyone talks about. : ) And really? With this many reviews? How did I see a "hidden gem" type article about this place just a week ago? Hidden to whom?
I love it up here. After you have seen Ocean Beach, Cliff House and the Sutro Baths - you have to take a stroll through Land's End Park.The trails in this park lead along the San Francisco Coast line to Land's End Park - a majestic place on the edge of the city. The hike is a great one, especially with a friend. I will never get tired of checking out the view on a clear day.Beautiful Day!
Hands down, one of the best hiking and sightseeing spots in San Francisco.  I'm a sucker for a gorgeous ocean view, but combined with stunning cityscapes of the Golden Gate bridge - this view is hard to beat.There are tons of benches around if you'd like to bring a picnic and enjoy a lazy weekend afternoon and the trails are incredibly dog friendly; so if you have a furry friend you should definitely bring them along for the journey.
Awesome views of the Golden Gate Bridge and miles and miles of trails for hiking! Lands End is great especially on a beautiful day. Get out and enjoy nature! =D
I love coming here. The view is so serene and magnificent. It's quite humbling to be face to face with the vast Pacific Ocean. It's a great place to hike and see nature. You also get a beautiful view of the Golden Gate Bridge. On a sunny day, you get a clear view of everything around, from the rocky cliffs to the open ocean. And on an overcast day, the mist cools you off when you take on the trails. Either way, it's perfect. I would recommend this place any day to someone looking for a small adventure in the city.
Great hiking.  Highly recommend this park.  Take Uber to parking lot and walk to Golden Gate Bridge.  Or start at GGB and walk other way.  You can walk on beach or stay upper
Great hiking spot with beautiful views! Spotted this hike accidentally and decided to check it out wearing boots. I hiked 3 miles with my boots on, so it was a pretty easy hike. From the golden gate bridge view, to the end of the cliff ocean waves, I loved all the views this hike offered. If your looking for the maze made from rocks, it's down the stairs to the left (sorry i forgot what that part was called)Absolutely great recreational landmark!
BEA-UtifulWords can't describe some of the views. You're on the edge of the world looking down at the rugged coast in pure amazement. I can't wait to return here and take another stroll around; maybe I'll have a picnic with some friends or a loved one.
My favorite SF hiking trail so far..it's not hard, there are paved portions, people are nice, there are epic views, you can find a spot to eat your lunch, picnic with friends, or enjoy your coffee (not many trashcans along the way and they are overflowing). People bring a lot of cute dogs on this trail and there is a lot of parking!!
The best hike in San Francisco so far! I love hiking in San Francisco and if you do too, then this hike should be first on your list! On a scale of 1 to 5 for difficulty with 5 being Mt. Everest, I'd rate this a 1.5. You could do this in jeans with a baby in a stroller, so it's more like a nature "walk".There are a lot of stairs so you periodically get a little bit of a workout, but that's not really the point... the views are unbelievable. There is no better view of the pacific or GG bridge in SF than from this hike. The Labyrinth is located at the bottom of the stairs that will jet out from the main path, so look out for that because you do NOT want to walk past, it also leads to a ledge that looks out over the pacific and has an incredible unobstructed view of the bridge. Basically, if you want to make all your friends jelly of where you live and convince everyone you live in the most beautiful place in the world, then go on this 3 mile hike and you'll have pictures to prove it.
This is the place i usually go to for hiking whenever i feel like walking. My brother and i decided to get our morning walk here as our walkout. It was a pretty nice warm day with clear sky that we were able to see the Golden Gate Bridge without the clouds covering the bridge when we went this morning.  Of course we took the main trail where a lot of people go on since it's about 1 miles or longer kind of trail. it can be narrow and have a lot of rocks in some part of the main trails. you can have a good workout if you walk and run round trip. There's many other small trails too if you want to take other route other than the main trails that a lot of people go on.
The fact that you can drive and be so close to this look out, or make a hike out of it makes this place extra special. The views are outstanding and it is very clean. You can see the Golden Gate Bridge, but also some awesome ocean and rock views as well. Definitely a must see :) and a great place to take guests.
awesome
Awesome trail. A friend recommended it to me so I took my girlfriend on a short hike. It was more beautiful than I had expected, right in the beginning of the trail there is a magnificent view of the Golden Gate Bridge. It is a great trail for people who like to whip out a DSLR and take some pictures. The only caveat is to bring a jacket. What started out as a romantic hike was slightly ruined by the cold winds that SF is known for.What I recommend:1. Where comfortable shoes and lots of clothes to stay warm2. Camera or a phone with a good Camera3. Check out the visitor center4. Check out the labyrinth
The most beautiful sunset I saw in San Francisco was at Lands End. Absolutely stunning. Explore inside the cave near the water. The black sand will dirty your shoes, but the view at the end is worth it.
