You have until May 15 to get on over to the Legion and see the Bonnard exhibit...and if you like impressionist art (Renior, Van Gogh, etc), bright hues or pattern in art, then I highly recommend you go. I didn't know much about the artist, but now I'm a fan. I'm always good for a nosh at the café too. I wish the Legion weren't such a PITA to get to from the East Bay.
Small but with great rooms and a few famous works.  View outside is scenic of the ocean.  Lovely to have cappuccino under olive trees in the museum cafe.
Wonderful surprise Another wonderful surprise at the top of another wonderful hill if SF unexpected as you turn into the driveway & the Roman columns jump out at you ..flanked by two bronze horsemen . So unexpected to see such a large museum on inside!!! Loved the Monet , Renior .. All the displays .. Dutch & Russian paintings .They have a cafe ( we had already ate ), next time we will eat there .
My schedule was getting tight, but based on the local recommendation this area was beautiful and the place to see.  So, I made the trip by bus from downtown, and only one transfer I was here.  Unfortunately, the museum was closed for renovation, but just walking around it, you find a golf course, a view of the Golden Gate Bridge, a great park, and your day will be complete!
Legion of Honor is the perfect place to spend a rainy day. My parents and I spent 3 hours browsing its many, many halls of renaissance and classical European art. This is NOT a place you go to look at modern art, because you will not find any here. Although you can tell that just by looking at the architecture of the building. You know that scene in Pride & Prejudice where Elizabeth is in sheer awe of Mr. Darcy's estate? That's exactly how I felt being here. This place is just majestic, down to every detail. There's a cafe and a great museum shop downstairs. The largest painting I've ever seen, called "The Russian Bride's Attire" is not to be missed. They also have a couple Degas, Monet, Manet and van Gough's as well.Come and see this place, at least once. Your visiting family will love it too. Legion of Honor makes for a very nice high-brow activity.
Definitely a tourist trap, but well worth a visit anyways.  The Legion is beautiful both inside and out.  Parking can be finicky and the chambers do get crowded sometimes, but there is nothing quite like enjoying a Picasso or taking in the "Thinker" and then stepping outside for a moderate hike to Lands End and catching a sunset and views of the Golden Gate.
The short: Stunning museum worth many repeated visitsI have known about this place for some time and my friends and I have roamed the grounds for pictures. I had no idea that it was a museum!  The exterior is wonderful for pictures, and I have seen several engagement/wedding shoots here too. There's Rodin's Thinker in the front of the museum, along with a glass pyramid, similar to the one at the Louvre.Once inside, the ticketing process is very easy and there's a quick bag check. For first-timers, it helps to know that the whole museum is shaped like a U. You're in the deep part of the U at the entrance.It was only a couple days ago that I stepped foot inside here for the first time. I came for the Breguet exhibit, which was very magical and astounding. Having arrived at the museum in the late afternoon, I didn't have a lot of time to pause and admire and contemplate the works of art in other galleries of the museum. I skimmed over the book collection and the porcelain and the silver wares. Instead, I spent most of my time on the Impressionist paintings and admiring the floors, the ceilings, and just the joyous moments of being inside a stunning museum. This museum is very open and for a January weekend (also the second to last day of the Breguet collection), it wasn't too crowded.I'm going to try to make it a goal to come here at least once a season!There's also a marvelous free (!) organ concert every Saturday and Sunday starting at 4 pm! The lovely music can be heard throughout the museum, though it is best heard in gallery 10 on the upper level.
Legion of Honor is also one of the must see museums in San Francisco. The structure is nice and there are decent collections in the gallery. They have a Map and Visitor Guide in the entrance that you can grab freely so you can walk around on your own.We didn't think we needed the tour since we prefer to actually tour on our own pace. But might sign in next time we visit. They also have a Porcelain Gallery at the lower level that you can check out. General admission is $10 and it includes a same day admission to de Young Museum. Definitely worth it although these two museums are not close to each other. So if you want to go to both museums, you can check this one first in the morning, then de Young in the afternoon.Anyway, my boyfriend and I had to come here early to get good parking. It gets packed in the afternoon so beware.  There is a shop that you can check out for some art books, gifts, and home decors. The Museum Cafe offers classic American and European cuisine but didn't get to try it though. Museum is closed most Mondays and select holidays.
Of all the Legions around, the Legion of Honor is probably the best Legion in Northern California. Humor aside, this fine art museum lies at the northwestern tip of the City in Lincoln Park just south of the Golden Gate Bridge. Parking can be very difficult in the area, but transit is also limited, so getting here is a bit more difficult than finding the Legion of Doom.The entry is just impressive. You walk through a large courtyard bounded by tall columns with a sweeping view of the City and Golden Gate. The layout of the interior is equally impressive with high ceilings and large display areas. Most of the artwork is classic with few modern or post modern exhibits. There is a nice Rodin sculpture area and a decent collection of Impressionists. The basement usually hosts traveling exhibitions with an additional admission fee.The Legion of Honor is partnered with the de Young Museum, so memberships work at both facilities. It is a beautiful place with a beautiful collection in a beautiful - if remote - location. Assuming you can find a parking space, art lovers will love the trip.
Despite what the name suggests, Legion of Honor is not a military museum. Instead, this is the museum of European arts as a part of the San Francisco fine arts museum system. As impressive as the Greco-Roman temple architecture, Legion of Honor's art collection is definitely worth checking out!The museum architecture is a masterpiece of its own: a fine example of a Greek column temple placed on top of the hill with spectacular view of San Francisco - certainly worthy of the collection that the museum holds within! In its medium-sized collection, you will find both familiar classics like Rodin sculptures and exciting surprises like a old basilica dome ceiling. Even without an audio guide, you will find at least a handful of art pieces to awe you.By the way, did you know the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco is in a collaboration with Paris's famous Musee du Louvre? That means you may be able to catch the glimpse of France's world-famous art collection without having to fly!Expect to spend about 1-2 hours in here, but your admission also includes the de Young Museum, which is the modern art counterpart, so plan for that as well! Even if you do not intend to enter, you should still go and see this impressive building with a remarkable view.---tl;dr version:1) European arts "department" of the SF Fine Arts Museums2) Awesome medium-sized collection that may/may not have Louvre pieces3) Spectacular building to see on its own with a remarkable view
Pretty view of golden gate bridge.  Great architecture.Only saw the exterior.  Was closed when we visited.
The Legion of Honor is probably one of the most beautiful museums architecturally and in what is housed within. Unfortunately, unless you are somewhat well versed in the historical elements of a certain room, you can only see pieces for their aesthetic value. Nonetheless, it is still fun to walk from room to room appreciating the various details of the different time periods. Occasionally, a docent or a well-versed visitor will give a short lecture on certain works. We were lucky enough to listen in on a explanation of the French salons. The docent covered everything from the architecture all the way to the nuances of how the furniture was oriented!The current special exhibit on Breguet timepieces is also worth the $5 in my opinion. The pieces are incredibly well-preserved and quite a spectacle to view.My only complaint would probably be the standoff-ish nature of some of the employees. The lady working the front desk literally deigned to welcome us to the museum...it was very cold and odd. Then, at the gift shop, mom and I had to wait for the cashier to finish her idle conversation with the other store manager before we could proceed with our purchase - rude!
I was never really fond of museums but this place definitely was beautiful. The external architecture was stunning. When I went here, there was a photoshoot for couples which I thought was interesting. Maybe I'll do one here.The place was super quiet and everyone seemed to mind their own business. I spent about a total of almost two hours just looking at paintings and other forms of art.My favorite piece was the Apocalypse painting. Majority of the painting was color black, but the color red brought attention to it that intrigued me.Outside of the museum, you could see the Golden Gate Bridge and you could go there to take pictures. There were also cliffs nearby which was a pretty scenic view.I'd definitely come back here again and bring a friend.
Of the two art museums in SF, I prefer the Legion of Honor over de Young because it's more intimate, it's not over run by tourists and the location can't be beat!  We came during the Bank of America Free Museum Day which happens on the first Saturday of each month.The last time I was at the Legion of Honor, we were taking engagement pictures. I've never been inside the museum until now.  I really like the open space and how tranquil it is inside, You can wander to your heart's content for a whole day. My favorite displays were the porcelain room and the paneled rooms.  The paneled rooms can give Filoli a run for its money.  Very pretty.Tip:  For free museum days, kids can go in free with an adult with a BofA card.  However, every adult must have a BofA card in order to get in for free.  DH had a card but I left mine at home because I thought it's for the whole family.  Not so. However for the reasonable price of $10, you can get in.  That's a bargain considering it's $10 for the 4 of us.
Can you say spectacular?  My kids love art so we decided to hit this place up over Spring break.  Let's just put it this way, we would revisit this place in a heartbeat just to hang out on the grounds outside. Talk about blowing up your Instagram feed! First of all, the property is situated in a prime location (as it should be!) with AH-MAY-ZING views of the Golden Gate bridge on the left and the city on the right. There are also a couple of large, beautiful sculptures gracing the front lawns. The architecture of the building itself is quite photogenic on it's own, add the stunning views, a wonderful collection of fine art, a gourmet cafe, reasonable admission prices ($40 total for 3 of us to get in and that included the additional fee into the Bonnard exhibit) and the whole experience is a win-win.  We thought the collection inside was lovely.  Rodin, Monet, Fra Angelico to Picasso - all kinds of European art and furniture too. We went during the exhibition of the "Portrait of a Lady with a Unicorn", (ca. 1505-1506), which is on loan to the US for the first time.  The painting was supposedly inspired by the Mona Lisa.  Very cool.  I didn't know this until our last visit, but the museum was built to commemorate Californian soldiers who died in World War I. The parking can get tight so arrive early if you can or plan to park further down the hill and walk a little ways up to the museum.  Try to find a sunny clear day to visit so you can get the full impact of the scenic views.  Make sure your camera has lots of room for pics too!  This place is totally worth it, even if you don't love art.
Beautiful Art Museum.  The art here is amazing.  My friends and I were planning to go hiking, but got lost and ended up here by accident.  My bad navigation skills ended up being a blessing in disguise.  I forgot which exhibit it was, but my favorite was the one with all of the nature art.  My love for adventure drives to me hike and explore a lot.  Those art pieces truly capture the the beauty of nature.  There are a lot of classical European artworks and other ancient arts.  The outside of the museum has columns that looks like resembles old Rome.  Also, there is a guy playing a guitar on the outside.  Everything about this museum just takes you back through time.  Walking through here is like taking a stroll through history.  Parking is free and gives you a scenic view of the ocean.  Also, there is a nice little cafe and gift shop here as well.  If you are visiting San Francisco, then Legion of Honor should definitely be on your to-do list.  Trust me, you won't regret it.
"High Style: The Brooklyn Museum Costume Collection" from March 14 - July 19 is the reason I paid a return visit to the Legion of Honor-just for this exhibit alone. And it was the first Tuesday of the month!  Free general admission yet paying a special exhibition fee ($11.00).The principal reason I wanted to view the exhibition was the work of the Anglo-American couturier Charles James (1906-1978).  Charles James's work was the 2014 theme of the Metropolitan Museum's fund raising gala for its Costume Institute. From the Metropolitan Museum's website on James: "James's design process, specifically his use of sculptural, scientific, and mathematical approaches to construct revolutionary ball gowns and innovative tailoring that continue to influence designers today." There is a lot of material utilized behind the fabric and seams in the construction of a Charles James gown such as boning, tulle, and horsehair under all the draping, folding, and pleating. Many of his creations were worn by many of New York's elite socialites (i.e. Millicent Rogers, Babe Paley and Diana Vreeland) at galas and in their portraits of the 1940s and 1950s. Marlene Dietrich wore his designs. Christian Dior credits James as his inspiration for his revolutionary New Look. And amongst today's designers who cites Charles James as an influence in his work is Zac Posen. James and Posen's gowns are wearable works of art.Even better--I was quite delighted to learn I could take no-flash photos of the collection. Good thing I had my charger key with me to power my iPhone as there were so many designs to snap photos of the exhibition.Before going in, I inquired about the free docent tour as in "could I return to view the exhibition if I partake in aforementioned tour?" I was advised I could if I go sign up at check-in. I was just there checking in my backpack, so I went back and got my name on the list---lucky slot number three. I was delighted to learn the docent tour includes utilizing a free handset, no need to pay the eight dollars for the self-guided audio tour. And I was quite delighted I could use my own headphones instead of the ones provided with the device for the docent tour.Charles James was the pièce de résistance of "High Style: The Brooklyn Museum Costume Collection." The exhibition also featured creations by Jacques Doucet, House of Drécoll, Steven Arpad, Callot Soeurs, Elsa Schiaparelli, Bonnie Cashin, Arnold Scaasi, Christian Dior, Yves St. Laurent, Madame Gres, Gilbert Adrian ("Gowns by Adrian"), Halston, and my personal favorite, Chanel. I was surprised and shocked there was only one Coco Chanel creation in the exhibition. Charles James's archetectual, artistic, and sculptural creations conclude the exhibition.My film her-storian side was delightfully happy. The gown Ava Gardner wore in 1954's The Barefoot Contessa designed by the Fontana Sisters (Sorelle and Michol) is amongst the exhibition. It is a creation of pink duchesse silk satin, black velvet appliqués, and black silk velvet panelling. There is a 1960 pale blue silk taffeta dress Hubert de Givenchy worn by model-actress Lauren Bacall. I mentioned Adrian who was credited as "Gowns by Adrian" for over 250-350 MGM films, where he was the chief costume designer. "The Tigress" ensemble by Adrian is featured. Made of beige, black, and orange silk chiné and gold lamé, Adrian made this for his wife, the actress Janet Gaynor after and inspired by a holiday they took to Africa.Charles James has two rooms devoted to his work of design sketches and his clothes. In the first room, in the center is the Clover Leaf ball gown, 1953. Made of pink silk faille, copper silk shuntang, and black silk lace with ivory silk faille backing. It is in a glass case and the visitor can walk to see all  360 degrees of the ball gown. It is surrounded by other James's works such as La Sirène (1939), Ensemble (1947), Ribbon (1947), Dinner Dress (1950), Bustle (1947) and muslins of some of the aforementioned designs.The second room is devoted to James's other masterpieces, muslins and computer animation videos. These videos show the construction and underpinnings of James's B&W Clover Leaf (1953), Diamond (1957), Ball Gown (1951) and Tree (1955) along with the aforementioned gowns and muslins.I plan to return before the exhibition's last day of July 19. I am bringing reinforcements--more cameras. It sure beats getting postcards. I did view the postcards available for purchase, unfortunately the selection was quite limited in what designs were featured. Translation: there were no standouts I wanted to purchase.
The Legion of Honor truly is San Francisco's most beautiful museum. Built to commemorate Californian soldiers who died in World War I, the Legion of Honor is a beautiful Beaux-arts building located in San Francisco's Lincoln Park. While the palatial monument is a work of art itself, the museum displays an impressive collection of 4,000 years of ancient and European art. The museum is one of my "must sees if you are in the city and have any interest in art. The museum is located in an unforgettable setting overlooking the Bay and the GGB. At the very least you can enjoy the area surrounding of the museum including Lands End. The museum's collections include Rodin's Thinker, which sits in the museum's Court of Honor, European decorative arts and paintings, Ancient art, and one of the largest collections of prints and drawings in the country.There is a good cafe and a very cool bookshop in the museum as well. There is ample parking in the surrounding area. I look forward to returning to the museum soon.
Location couldn't be more perfect. With the jaw dropping view of the ocean and the GG right up front a visit to this museum is a nice escape from the hustle and bustle of the city. Just approaching the main entrance is an experience in itself as you take in the gorgeous large enclosed courtyard. Viewing of the collections housed here never gets old but what usually keeps drawing myself back here are the fantastic exhibits. We are lucky to have this Fine Art museum right here in our fair city.
This museum was a gift from the French government to the people of San Francisco.  It is set in the beautiful area of the Golden Gate Park and the San Francisco Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge.  The natural beauty is unrivaled on earth.  You truly understand the will of God for how could there be such combination of natural and man made beauty without Him?  There is a Stradivarius violin that used to be played only once a year by a famous musician and listened to by the museum members.  That violin is currently on loan to the San Francisco Symphony...
Such a great place to visit in SF! After all the visits I've done to this city I finally visited this place! Will def be back
Came here on a Tuesday to see the High Style exhibit. The exhibit was awesome! If you're into high fashion and can appreciate finer things, in my opinion, it's worth the $11 (even though it was a "Free Day.") I spent a good hour just ogling and ooing and ahhing at the craftsmanship and attention to detail of the pieces. Definitely come visit before this exhibit ends July 19!!Outside of the High Style exhibit, there are Monets, Rodins, and works by Degas! An all-around exquisite  (albeit smaller) collection of old artifacts and works of art.Minus 1 star for the Asian lady at the front ticketing desk. She was kinda cold and didn't seem very happy to be working there but at the very least she was fast getting out tickets.
Beautiful museum with so many works of art. Entering the museum courtyard is amazing as you're greeted by a huge statue and open area. We opted for the $10 general admission and still had plenty to see and do. Wish we would've got a guided tour but I was really expecting the museum's app to work but its a dud and didn't work very well at all. I still enjoyed the beautiful scenery and works. The staff was very helpful. Great weekend activity.
Phenomenal collection of art! The Legion of Honor is San Francisco's very own version of the Louvre. I was fortunate enough to see the Raphael exhibit and it was well worth the drive. The legion also has one of the best Rodin exhibits in the world, I totally recommend you check it out. Overall, it was amazing seeing the works of the greats like Bougerreau,Degas,Monet,Rodin,Van Gogh, and Corot in person!
This place reminds me with Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles. The view on the whole city of San Francisco, the Golden Gate Bridge and the Pacific ocean is unbelievable! Since I can be a certified tour guide in San Francisco, this is one of my important destinations to bring my visiting friends from outside SF. It's a must-to-see if you're visiting San Francisco. If you're a photographer, you could spend days taking pictures in this place.Parking is easy. This place is fantastic to start a Saturday morning hike along the lands end trail.#AwesomePlace #beauty
I've lived in the Bay Area my entire life and had never heard of this place until about a week or two again. How in the world that I didn't know about this place is beyond what my puny brain can comprehend. Still, this place really does exist. This is a very European museum, mainly in the world of the French. Lots of French pieces of art and artifacts. The location is amazing. You have views of the Golden Gate Bridge and a golf course! Yes, a golf course! Still, it's a very beautiful location and I can understand why so many people decide that they want to get married here. I love visiting places that have classical pieces of art on display especially, European art. From mounts of armor, to busts, this place has so much to look at. There was a really weird dude in here though, who would literally plant his face into the the painting and make it awkward for everyone, but that's the world we live in. Everybody is different. The staff was bit on the hostile side though, and some of them looked like they hated life more than anything. One guy yelled at a lady for stepping out of the eating area with her glass of water, and another dude nearly had a stroke when someone get a little too close to a table. Some of these guys need to lighten up, but then again they were working on Valentine's Day. Still, this place has so much to offer than you will truly have plenty to look at. Would love to come here again at some point and show someone this place that hasn't experienced it.
If you are coming from Richmond take Bart, get off Embarcadero or Montgomery then take the muni line M get off on Stonestown shopping mall center hope on the 18 it will take you right in front of the Legion of Honor.I came around 10:30 and it wasn't busy. My first time at an Art museum and I must say it was very interesting. The building is self is so awesome reminded me of Rome with the big columns. They are remodeling so there is construction going on and noises. The paintings are beautiful and it's neat how you can be close up and see the brush strokes and paint. It's nice and spacious you can just stand or sit and look at the artwork for server all mins and hours if you wanted to. I came here for my art history class and I'm really glad to have gone. If anyone is touring or live in San Fransisco totally check this place out
I figured I would give this place a review since I erroneously assumed that it would have very few reviews. I was wrong but, oh well, here goes anyway. First of all, MINI-LOUVRE as you walk into the courtyard?! Hell yeah. If the marble columns, "Honneur et Patrie" sign, and bronze statues of dead white men didn't bring me straight to Paris, the miniature glass pyramid certainly did. But we didn't see the actual museum. We were there to see a chamber music performance by the SF Symphony in the Florence Gould Theater. As soon as I walked into the 200-person theater: INSTANTLY BACK TO FRANCE AGAIN. I couldn't stop staring at the colorful lush frescoes on the ceiling when I was supposed to be staring at the world-famous violinist playing his multi-thousand-dollar instrument from the 17th century. The Legion of Honor gave us a great experience, and, much to their delight, we will likely be repeat customers--we want to go back and see the museum itself now. The Legion is a delightfully beautiful way to take an escape from the States and enter Europe for an afternoon.So why only 4 stars? THE PARKING COULD NOT HAVE BEEN WORSE. I understand that this is not their fault, but it caused us great frustration and wasted half an hour. We looped around the front roundabout and the side aisle 3-4 times each before throwing our hands up in sheer frustration and driving down past Fulton to park near Balboa. It was only about a 10-minute walk to the Legion from our parking spot, but we wished that there was adequate parking at the Legion to accommodate both museum patrons and chamber music performance-goers. Other than that, our day was absolutely lovely, thanks to the Legion and its collaboration with SF Symphony, with due gratitude to Mozart and Franck as well. :)
Pretty place but would amount only to a small wing of the Louvre.
Rodin for days. But that's not why this museum is amazing. Everything starting from the grounds and ocean views are Instagram #PicOfTheDay :PYou can spend hours and hours in this world class museum and not get bored. They have a good rotation of exhibitions and their permanent collection of mostly European art (everything from medieval iconography to Dutch masters to more and more and more) is a real walk through art history.Bonus points are the employees (docents, guards, even the gift shop clerks) seem to all love their jobs and are approachable.I feel really lucky to have access to this amazing space.First Tuesday of the month is freeeeee!
My boyfriend and I went to this museum yesterday and had a great time! I love historical art and found so much to see here. It was a fascinating evening.  I saw old Victorian paintings, and ceramics.  There was detailed inlaid wood furniture and rooms with old wood carved paneling in them.  I found lots of reasons to take pictures.  At the end of our time in the museum, we were treated to a live pipe organ concert where the man played classical and baroque music.  Overall this was a very fun time and I hope we get the chance to come back to this museum again.Pros:-an amazing selection of paintings and antiques  (some replicas)-pipe organ concerts every weekend -free but limited parking nearbyCons:-the gift shop items are kind of pricey
An undiscovered Gem.I've heard about this place. Seen pictures, been given recommendations. But I finally got around to getting up here, and it was worth the trip!Admission is $10 if you aren't a member (I'm not), and whilst it's not as extensive as the Louvre, you can easily spend a good couple of hours here exploring the Rodin, Monet and other artists and sculptures.It was amazing to me to see how old a lot of the paintings were! How well they have restored them, and that you can get so close you could literally touch them. Not that you would of course...A great way to pass the time, absorb some culture and admire the amazing view! Glad I came, and definitely a place I will recommend to people coming to visit.
The Legion of Honor is a memorable museum to visit in San Francisco, as much for its setting facing the Marin Headlines and the Bay and its majestic building,  as for its collection and exhibitions. The museum was built for Alma Spreckels, by her sugar daddy (literally) and husband. Yes, THAT Spreckels. (If curious about city history, you can find her graceful and extremely statuesque likeness soaring in the skies in the middle of Union Square.)The museum has a fairly small hodgepodge collection inside, but a pretty awe inspiring setting, classic columns and even a tiny crystal clear glass pyramid (inspired, no doubt, by the Louvre pyramid) set in the museum's front courtyard.Typically more of a modern art fan, I still appreciate the neoclassical setting and the small but powerful collection of Rodin sculptures, English and Victorian works, a room full of Dutch masters (Rembrandt is always moody and evocative) and a bevy of impressionist paintings.  Its a small but poetic collection, a remarkable setting, and the exhibitions here are often creative and memorable.  Plan a visit here, if you can.  (A membership here gets you into the De Young in GG Park, so a pretty nice two-for-one for any museum fan.)
Tons of history here at the Legion of Honor.  Sculptures, paintings, and porcelain items are only some of the items here.  Take your time reading each item there and expand your knowledge.  The fee here is $10/Adult which isn't bad at all.  If you are a student it is only $6.  Tip:  If you have a backpack or a bag it must be held by your side.  They won't let you carry it on your back probably because they don't want people accidentally knocking over items.
What a breathtaking peaceful location just a few minutes away from the hustle and bustle of downtown.Unfortunately when we went the museum was actually closed so this review is based on the grounds.So well kept and just simple peaceful. Going down a small trail off to the side of the main parking area you have a panoramic view of the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge. There is also a Holocaust Memorial located across the street from the main building as well that was unexpected and extremely eye opening. I'm really glad I got to experience this beauty on a day it wasn't crowded. However, I would love to take a visit when the museum is open.
The museum itself is beautiful. The exhibits weren't my favorite kind of art, but I still found myself exploring everything. The only sad part (for me) was that there was a wedding going on, so the beautiful courtyard was closed. This is a great addition to a trip to the Sutro Baths.
Located in beautiful Lincoln Park, the Legion of Honor is a must see if you are visiting San Francisco. If you aren't interested in art then the breathtaking views this place gives of the ocean and the Golden Gate are enough reason to visit. This museum was dedicated in 1924 for the 3,600 California men who had lost their lives during World War I in France. With the wishes of the donors being to "honor the dead, while serving the living." They have a few Claude Monet and Vincent van Gogh pieces!! Don't miss the Holocaust Memorial out front-Let's never forget. For my review go here: goldiejames.com/sf-legio… I have a couple tips to save money at the museum.
The Legion of Honor is the older and more traditional of the two structures (located in different parts of the City) that constitute the Fine Art Museums of San Francisco. Although the de Young in Golden Gate Park also has a lovely setting, the location of the Legion of Honor is particularly striking, and one should definitely allow time to walk the surrounding parkland and enjoy the stunning water views if at all possible. The building itself is a reduction of the neoclassical original in Paris, interest in which was spurred by an international exhibition in San Francisco planned just before WWI.The art collection within consists of a small number of objects of so-called ancient art from the near east and Mediterranean civilizations, and a much broader overview of painting in Europe from the Renaissance through the 1900s, with a smattering of decorative arts usefully included as well. The range and quality of works displayed provide a good survey of the development of the western tradition in art, particularly given the limited holdings of this material on the west coast of the U.S. compared with the northeastern U.S.The museum also regularly hosts both domestic and international traveling special exhibitions. There is a pleasant cafe which includes outdoor seating and a museum store. The building is accessible and it is reachable via public bus from downtown San Francisco, particularly if you alert the driver to your destination when you board. If you've come out to the Legion in the morning, it is also quite possible to continue your journey to the de Young via public transit and enjoy a full day of the fine arts in SF in two beautiful venues!
This was mine and my boyfriend's first time in an art museum. It was a good first choice because the location is gorgeous. It outlooks the Golden Gate Bridge and the city (San Francisco). Beautiful scenery. General admission is $10 for an Adult. For me, I paid $6 for the Student fee because I brought my student ID with me!The courtyard has amazing columns surrounding it. Many people were taking photos there and there were two groups - one bridal and one debut/cotillion - having a photoshoot outside. There are two levels. The first level has a bunch of artwork ranging from paintings, sculptures, objects, etc. There is a good variety! The colors of the walls on the rooms add a nice touch. The ceilings of some rooms are opaque so the natural light shined through beautifully. The lower floor contains a few more artwork, a cafe, and a gift shop. There is also an exclusive showroom, but in order to get in you need to upgrade your admission ticket. In conclusion, it was a nice experience. My boyfriend and I were very excited to see Claude Monet's pieces. The staff is friendly. However, beware of kids crying while you look at the artwork, hahaha.
The biggest draw for me to coming here are the amazing views from the lookouts.  It's located near Lands End so either before or after you visit the museum, you'll enjoy beautiful views on a clear day.  The museum itself, it's a European art museum that has paintings, sculptures, photography and special exhibits.  The best thing about it for me is its collection of Dutch and Belgian paintings.  It's not that large so it isn't overwhelming.  Admission is $10 which isn't bad.
Beautiful place to visit!!! Boyfriend and I checked this place out before we started our hike to Lands End trail. We didn't go all the way inside but we checked the area with the pillars and statues. We didn't want to run out of time! We will definitely be back soon to check the inside as well as the cafe. There is a charge to go in of course! You can also be a member :)
I visited the Legion of Honor for the first time and I think it's def worth a visit if you're in the Golden Gate Park area.  We drove up to the Los Lobos hiking trail and hiked for about 15-20 min to the Legion of Honor Museum.  The trail is right by the water with great views of the Golden Gate Bridge. The Museum was currently under construction but Rodin's Thinker statue was prominently out in front.  Inside, the museum houses a good number of French art with over 80 statues of Rodin's works.  I found out that the Legion of Honor houses the most number of Rodin's works - second to the Rodin museum in France. Also, a good tip to know is that a general admission fee ($10 for adult and $6 for students with ID) also includes admission to the de Young museum which is right in the heart of Golden Gate Park.
Finally able to visit the Legion of Honor. It's not the largest museum, less than a half day affair, with numerous rooms of art, with multiple rooms bunched into same themes. LOTS of religiously themes works of art, which, I don't know about you, but I'm just tired of. It's essentially like my views on Egyptian exhibits whenever I'm at a museum... skip. Not saying the art is profound or well made, but when you're looking at the millionth rendition of Mary and Jesus, you start wondering if you're at an amateur hour during The Renaissance where everyone's jumping on the latest craze.The artwork here is extremely classic, even with a porcelain collection on the lower floor. Very Eurocentric, which some 'Asian' works bought by Europeans... or when looking at the porcelain works on the first floor, they explain some background how Europeans wanted to copy these works to increase their collections more easily. Cuz... money.The special exhibit during our visit was titled 'High Style: The Brooklyn Museum Costume Collection'. Not really for me, maybe because I'm not in the scene. A lot of interesting fashion, some really eccentric, but some very elegant.In a way, I feel like I'm committing heresy with my 3 star review. The place is nice and elegant, but I didn't find things extraordinary or something to drool over. I feel it's very difficult to find exhibits going on that you are interested in.Truth be told, I really enjoyed walking around outside, taking some of the trails down to the coast... but then again, that doesn't pertain to the Legion of Honor itself.To each his own.
Did you know that membership to the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco entitles you entry to both the Legion of Honor and the de Young Museum?  My Christmas present to my husband last year was a membership to FAMSF and we've been able to visit BOTH museums this year as members!  If you're not a member, you can use your tickets from the Legion of Honor to enter the de Young on the same day.  It's a bit of a challenge visiting two museums in one day, but it can be done and it can save you money.The location of this museum couldn't be better.  Yes, it's far from downtown, but it's worth the trek.  It's in Lincoln Park and you can get a good view of the Golden Gate from here.  Get here early though if you want to be able to find parking!  That great view attracts many camera-toting tourists, so parking may be a challenge on peak times and weekends!This museum is not very big.  It's smaller than the de Young and SF MOMA.  Three hours in this museum would be plenty of time to see most of the more interesting stuff.  The Rodin sculptures are always fun to see.  We came here on Veteran's Day as I was off from work and wanted to see the Houghton Hall exhibit.  I admit that I was a Downton Abbey devotee for a while, and love the grandeur of English country homes, so it was a nice treat to see this exhibit.  It's not a very big exihibit, so you can go through it in about an hour.  An audio tour will cost you an additional $6, but it makes for a better experience.  The cafe also was also offering tea service in honor of the exhibit if you're into that.
The location of this place is great! It's so peaceful and quiet compared to the rest of the city. There's also an entrance to the amazing Lands End Trail right next to the museum, which I totally recommend checking out after you visit the Legion of Honor!There's a very small parking lot right out in front of the museum. The day I went, I got there pretty early (close to the time the museum opened), so I was able to snag a spot. I believe it's free parking for 4 hours. I think the architecture on the outside is so beautiful. The giant fountain, the lions, the tall pillars look so regal and are very reminiscent of old Greek architecture. It's no surprise to see why people are having little photoshoots outside!The architecture on the inside is also quite nice. It kind of reminds me a lot of the National Gallery in London, but on a MUCH smaller scale. I recall one room here with a really ornate ceiling that was beautiful! I enjoyed the collections of art in this museum. It's all very fine art, which I don't really know much about, but I enjoyed looking at them. Again, the museum is quite small and you can probably get through it in an hour.With a ticket from the Legion of Honor, you can also get into the deYoung that same day! I actually prefer the Legion of Honor, though, despite how much smaller it is. I felt like I had a much more simple, quiet experience here that is better for enjoying art compared to the deYoung. But I totally recommend visiting both if you have the time as they each have very different, but good things to offer!
Taking a full benefit of the membership of the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco, I visit Legion of Honor after my visit to de Young this week. This museum houses all artworks from Europe, paintings, sculptures, terracotta and porcelains,  ancient furniture and decorations, plus a pipe organ performance on weekends. I spent almost 7 hours on my first time visit. The museum's cafeteria serves dumplings made of local tofu and vegetables. Have sit and sip of coffee before joining a free docent tour. Parking spots are plentiful.
Now, I've been here twice. You may very well be awestruck by the scenery outside and the juxtaposition of the ancient looking building (replica of Palais de la Légion d'Honneur) before you even get to the entrance. Yes, bring your camera (and leave off the flash when you do enter the building.)This museum is surrounded by beauty--a full view of the Golden Gate Bridge, especially on an unusually sunny but foggy day, a view of downtown SF and the Sutro Tower, beach and plenty of green grass and trees.  (Also adjacent to the Lincoln Park golf course, so you may very well find a few golf balls, too.)Plenty of European art, and the Rodin pieces are especially lovely and captivating. You'll notice The Thinker right away, outside the entrance. The galleries are laid out in an U-shape with marked numbers for the gallery, and rooms are interlinked.  It starts with dark Goth and ends with light Impressionism on the main floor.Downstairs, they do have a porcelain gallery as well, and the special exhibit is located there, too (which is an additional fee.) The porcelain gallery is beautiful, and thankfully, most pieces are safely inside a glass case. The museum shop and cafe are also on this level, along with the all important restrooms. First Tuesdays of the month are free for all, along with the de Young museum, so if you've got the time, take advantage.  Parking = free, and most spots are 4-hour spots.  Public transit accessible.
A really nice museum but doesn't have the cache' that the DeYoung Museum has.  As we're members of the DeYoung, we get admission to this museum too.  Niecey and I came here to view the High Style Brooklyn Museum exhibit of designer dresses.  Some are just exquisitely made.  Hard to believe they were able to make some of the dresses in the 1800's and 1920's without the assistance of computers.  We trotted thru the museum after the special exhibit and I remember some of the paintings from my youth when school field trips would take us to the museum for a visit.  We are so lucky to have such a lovely museum in our city.
Came here on a Saturday with two friends. Only $6 with college ID, or $10 without, and free parking. The museum is a good size for what you pay- not too big that you get overwhelmed and not too small. We spent about an hour and a half here which was perfect. They have some really good pieces like Raphael's unicorn and Monet's water lilies among many other wonderful pieces.
This is one of my all time favorite art museums.  I love that I can see everything I want in 2-3 hours, beautiful architecture, parking is free (in SF!!), great special exhibits, and I cannot imagine more beautiful grounds with the most breathtaking views of SF skyline and GGB.
I've been to museums in parts of Europe and I have to say this is one of my favorites. I love how there isn't an overwhelming amount of art (paintings, sculpture, deco art). It allows you to focus on a few that you really enjoy. At first, I never heard of this place. It's tucked away past Clement St. in the Sunset and the drive there is accompanied by a golf course on your right. You stop at this structure supported by columns and not far from your periphery is the ocean. I think the placement of this museum was perfect. Although it doesn't get much sunshine, on the days that there are, I think that the light rays play off the building impeccably. I went on a cloudy Tuesday (first of the month) and it was free admission for the general public & $10-11 for the special exhibit, which at this time was a collection of costumes from the Brooklyn Museum. FYI, de Young & the Legion are both free on the first Tuesdays of the month. I love paintings so I was happy when I came across Monet's "Water Lilies" and a few small pieces by Van Gogh. I was also introduced to the main attraction, "the Russian Bride" and if you haven't seen it, it's definitely a feast for the eyes. It commands your attention when you walk into the room. The artist captures the emotions of the bride and the many others in the room with her. The docent told us it was an arranged marriage and a young bride, she was betrothed to a much older man. As for the experience, I was very glad there weren't many people at the time we went because it was sometimes my friend and I alone with the painting. I have to say I was bit annoyed by these two ladies who couldn't help but take photos in front of almost every major piece, which forced us to step away from truly admiring the painting's grand presence. We eventually came back, so it turned out to be okay. My friend and I also decided to take a tour at noon and the docent emphasized the different decorative art one would see in a place of wealth and excess. I loved this artwork pieced together by different types of stone-- alabaster, marble, etc. It depicted a vase of flowers. Just the workmanship alone was incredible. It must have taken the artists a very long time to piece together a medium-sized picture such as this. I also loved the room reconstructed from wooden panels taken from a Parisian hotel (considered an apartment). I definitely need to come back to look at this room again. It took my breath away and I can't imagine how long this project took to complete. Overall, I had such a delightful experience even though it was a free day and I expected there to be lots of people, but if you come in early enough, you can skip the crowds. I would highly recommend anyone who has a taste for fine European art to visit this museum!!!
If you want to see old European art, but don't want to make the long and expensive trek to do so, this is your place. This little museum, which is housed in a building that resembles a smaller, toned down Louvre (seriously, the building is beautiful), is pretty much an extension of the de Young with their older art. It has a few pieces from famous artists such as Rodin, Degas, Van Gogh, and Monet. They also have some ancient artifacts, including Greece and Egypt. The admission price is pretty decent, though special exhibits cost extra. However, this museum does have a bit of a pretentious vibe to it. The gift shops are filled with overpriced, non-touristy items.  Beware that if you have a backpack, you may be asked to hand carry it. I brought my mini backpack in place of a handbag, considering I would be standing and walking around a museum for several hours and was asked to carry it by hand upon entering the museum. The cafe is decent, but a bit overpriced and pretentious, like the rest of the museum. The line was very long and slow moving, but they had menus up front so you could decide what you wanted. Unfortunately, the menus were not up to date and still listed seasonal items that were no longer available. In general, it's a fairly big, nice museum with lots of paintings. You could potentially spend several hours there!
This location is one of the best in SF. Drive up here on a sunny day for gorgeous golden gate and city views. It ranks on the must-see list in SF for me.The museum itself is equally pretty. The courtyard in front is stately and impressive, and houses rodin's the thinker.Free parking around the fountain in the front, or around to the right side if you're facing the museum.
This is one of the most stunning museums in San Francisco. The views of the bay are incredible and the architecture is beautiful. I loved the collection here and they frequently have some amazing guest displays. This is the sister museum to the De Young so if you get a membership, then you get both museums! The De Young has a larger collection, but I like the location and beauty of the Legion of Honor. Both are wonderful art museums.
What a beautiful place both inside and out. It was so close to the Golden Gate bridge that we barely paid anything for transpo. This place has a magnificent view of the Lincoln Park, the golf course and the surrounding water. Every single corner had a picturesque view and a story. We couldn't stop taking photos. There was ample parking. Restrooms were clean. They have a cafe for a quick fix. Entrance is affordable and they have discounts for locals and students. The staff was so nice and helpful. So many displays to check out, I had a great time. Very informative and enjoyable experience. Will definitely visit this place again in my next chance to go to SFO.
This is a very nice museum with classic works.There is a nice collection of works by Auguste Rodin amd of course they have THE THINKER.
If you are thinking of visiting, definitely plan to visit both the Legion and the De Young (in Golden Gate park) on the same day, one general admission paid at either covers both, for the same day. IMO then you get what you pay for, and plan on about three hours total between both and you'll have pretty much have experienced what they have to offer.The collection of the LOH, was well, kind of disappointing, not space enough to really show much of the collection (or it is simply not of much depth?), overall a few works worth seeing but a lot of things that may appeal to others. The museum focuses primarily on European Art, but there is so much that could be shown, that is not, and many of the pieces on display are lesser works of major artists, or a single representative work for an artist or an entire genre. We came here to view the exhibit "The Poetry of Parmigianino's Schiava Turca" and the paintings set with it. Everyone values different things but this exhibit seemed undervalued and there could have been much, much more context and content. In contrast, the less significant (artistically) was the (arguably archeological) exhibit on metal works and sculpture - "The Copper Age in the Holy Land," was given much more prominence and effort. I guess the payer calls the piper's tune. Which might also explain the pipe organ concert blaring through the museum. The LOH seems to have borrowed much of its content - "Matisse from SFMOMA"and "Intimate Impressionism from the National Gallery of Art" were also displays of works from other institutions. What was on display also did not flow to represent Art is an larger historical context or chronological flow, it seemed very much like - "well, we've got a room here what can we fill it with" - as an organizational solution.If one thinks of the LOH as a a display case for other's possessions then really that should lower expectations to a point were they can be met more fully.
I am totally not a museum person, but this place i really pretty. From what I went through, this place is pretty big as well, but I didn't have the patience to go through every painting/sculpture. The outside of the museum is an art piece in self. When you go inside, there are several rooms with different exhibits. A lot of it is sculpture and paintings. Occasionally, they will have a special event that you can pay extra for. If you like more historical things, this could be the museum for you. Overall, I felt that this is a beautiful museum, though it's not really my taste of art.Protip: I took public transportation and saved $2
Came by here with my wife. I wasn't that interested in most of what they had in the building. The building itself and the grounds were really cool. I was also sick so I wasn't that into being in an art museum. I was expecting more here, there were some nice impressionist paintings.
A lot of photo ops. Nearby is a golf course, a hiking trail, view of the Golden Gate Bridge, a waterfall, and if you're there at the right day and the right time you might even see me there flexing my muscles.
Humans are naturally curious by nature.We're all reluctant to admit that we've taken a little peek behind someone else's medicine cabinet, wondered what was behind a closed bedroom door, or have even been interested in what other people keep as their prized possession.Come on now. This is how shows like Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous and MTV Cribs were spawned! Let's face it. We're all a bunch of nosy people!For commoners like us, we imagine and live vicariously through such extravagance.I came to Legion of Honor with the intention of doing just that. I wanted to see and experience how royalty lived during Louis XIV's reign as well as Marie Antoinette. When you come across this museum, the European inspired architecture takes you to a period far before the modern era of high rises and industrial cities. Louis XIV was in an era of particular craftsmanship. Exquisitely detailed garments, tapestries, lush fabrics, intricately designed household items, and self emulated sculptures to appease Louis le Grand, himself. Being the oldest and longest of any ruling monarch of any major country in European history, approximately 72 years, Louis XIV was a man of undoubtedly refined taste. The Louvre, in which his treasures are securely kept, were brought here to Legion of Honor. This was the first and only time that these treasures have ever been shown in the United States and some of which have never even left France. With the exhibit being Royal Treasures from the Louvre - Louis XIV to Marie Antoinette, I knew this was going to be pretty spectacular. I went from case to case admiring some of the most beautifully handcrafted items I had ever seen. From woven tapestries hanging from the ceiling to the floor, diamond encrusted pendants with delicately painted portraits of the King, enameled gold mounted pitchers and illustriously painted dining wear all at the table for the King and his royal court to enjoy. The items continued on to snuff boxes adorned with precious jewels and also realistically carved busts of Louis XIV and his wife, Marie Antoinette. Speaking of Marie Antoinette, this was the highlight of the exhibit for me. A girly girl's dream! The Sèvres porcelain and silver as well as the collections of ornamented vases made of agate and other hardstones were diviiiiiine dahling. Items belonging to his mistresses Madame de Pompadour and Madame du Barry were also showcased. This visit was such a treat and most memorable. A wonderful viewing of the royal life in past history.I highly recommend for anyone with a strong curiosity for the arts of former centuries to visit Legion of Honor! Champagne wishes and caviar dreams. À la prochaine
I was here for a wedding this past weekend because the bride chose this place to have pictures taken with her entourage. This past Saturday 6/28/14 turned out to be a gorgeous day in SF.  It was sunny and picturesque.  The building itself served as a great backdrop for all of the bridesmaids and groomsmen.  The columns were great to look at architecturally and the simplicity of the lines made for some great looking photographs where the bridal party was able to have numerous poses.  It's one of those places where photographers love to take pictures because of the great natural lighting.  In the distance, you have a clear view of the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge.  I come to SF regularly and was surprised that I had never been here before.  Don't you love it when that happens?   Ah, the wonders of California and all the places we have right here in our own backyard.
This is a fairly small museum with a nice collections that showcases a variety of European styles from the Middle Ages to Rodin and the impressionists. Except for the Rodin collections, the others are not very extensive. They showcase a nice collection of characteristic pieces--paintings, furniture, and china. The design of the building is beautiful and worth a visit for its own sake. The museum has breathtaking views. Parking is free, if you can find a space. Student tickets were just $6.
One of the most beautiful places in San Francisco and looks like a mini-Louvre complete with a mini-glass pyramid in the middle of the courtyard.  Parking can be a little difficult to find.  My favorite spots are the courtyard which makes you feel like you're hanging out somewhere in Europe.  The views of the Golden Gate Bridge from the lawn is also great.  One of their main attractions are the Rodins in the courtyard and in the main gallery on the first floor. Great way to spend a couple hours.
I attended a holiday party here and this is a truly amazing place. The museum has a grand entry way and carries through out the architecture of the building. The collections were interesting and I will definitely go back and visit.
Came on the BOA free museum day. I was surprised by those exhibits. Good to parking, and good for both kids and adults. You could learn a lot there if you want to.
My friend and I checked out this place since it was right next to Lands End.Ok my friend and I did not pay to enter the museum! So this review is coming from a person that just enjoyed Legion of Honor without any cost...Legion of Honor has awesome architecture. The columns along with the glass structure in the front reminds of the Louvre in Paris. You can just sit in the open grass area outside and listen to music played by one of the locals. I love that there's a huge waterfall in the front... which makes me want to jump in... Also the place is situated alongside a golf course and Lands Ends so the museum has this nature appeal as well... Loved it! Yay! :)
This place is magical. The combination of the location, the architecture, and the views of the city alone is breathtaking and that's before you've even set foot inside.I have a deep and abiding love for Impressionism and also for Auguste Rodin's sculptures so this is my happy place. I could spend many hours here and not get my fill. Easily one of my favorite places in the city.
Although it is a fraction of the size of the Louvre,this place offers all you need for a great afternoon!  The building is beautiful (inside and out), ample parking, spectacular view of the Golden Gate.  Nice display rooms plus a decent collection of artwork including Rodin, Raphael (touring), Renoir, Manet, Monett, Degas ...
This year Microsoft had their holiday party at this place. I took some time to see a few of the exhibits the museum had on display. Really liked it. Would recommend.
I have been to this art museum few times and it never gets old . This museum has some great European art works fromsome amazing artists . Not to mention the Legion of Honor is in an amazing location with some spectacular views . You can get some great views of the Golden Gate Bridge . All around this is a beautiful museum and a must see .
This is one of my favorite places to visit in the city. The view is second to none, and the building itself is easily as beautiful as some of the most renowned museums in Paris, Vienna, Florence, and Moscow (four places I've spent a lot of time). You are greeted as you enter by one of Rodin's "The Thinker" statues, as well as a smaller version of the glass pyramid outside the Louvre. The permanent collection is impressive and includes works by Monet, Degas, Renoir, Rembrandt, Manet, Vermeer, El Greco, and many sculptures by Rodin. There are always interesting things going on, including regular exhibitions. When we were there last weekend, we saw the High Fashion exhibit, which was amazing and included dresses from the 1920s through 1980s by designers such as Dior, Chanel, Halston, LaCroix, Givenchy, YSL, and Charles James. So much fun! The museum also has a lovely gift shop and a cafe with genuinely good food and coffee/tea. It's a great place to spend an afternoon!
Gorgeous grounds overlooking the bay surround this treasure that makes you feel like you're outside of SF.  Inside there are well organized galleries filled with antiquities art and artifacts from the beginning of time. Get up close and personal with faberge jewelry, Rodin sculptures and Monet. The French receiving room is incredible and docents on hand to provide additional info are much appreciated.  While the cafe does not have the greatest menu, sitting in the outdoor patio makes for a nice escape.  The gift shop is worth a spin through and your purchases go towards a good cause. I will definitely be back!
This is not a review of the Legion of Honor. It's not even a review of the cafe.It's a review of the Legion of Honor Cafe's BLT sandwich as experienced on a single day.After hiking the nearby trails (accessed from the southish end of the parking lot on the water side), I wandered in with my son. Thought I'd bribe him with a snack so I could dash through the Brooklyn Museum Costume Collection (member here: I'll see any exhibit, any time). After viewing the menu and the outrageous prices, we decided to split the BLT. Added on avocado. The bill? $18.75. Not even kidding. This is a *museum cafe* people! Unbelievable.Then the sandwich arrived--unassuming, underwhelming, sizable but not huge, standard 'mixed greens' salad on the plate. We each took a bite and stopped talking. Three or four or five slices of crisp, melt-in-your-mouth bacon. Fatty salty perfection. Tomatoes roasted until they were rich and flavorful, the juice releasing and soaking the greens when I bit down. Lightly dressed leaves--is that a hint of lemon?--and creamy, succulent avocado. Lightly toasted bread holding it all together. Every bite sublime. Absolutely obscene. One of the best sandwiches I ever ate. Ever.We ate silently, slowly. My son nodded with each bite. The exhibition was pretty good, too.
People are always looking for hidden gems, the kinds of places locals know about because they're a little out of the way. The Legion of Honor just past Sea Cliff is that kind of spot. It's a beautiful museum with art, sculpture and archaeological treasures. Much less crowded than other museums, perhaps because it's all by itself in a residential neighborhood, or because it has no exhibits for children.We shared a snack after wandering through the galleries. They have a light-filled cafeteria and a small retail shop on the lower level. Unexpectedly, we got a bonus as we were leaving:  A camera perfect,  panoramic view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the bay from the front lawn. Fortunately, we were there on a blue sky/sunny day. From the entry courtyard ringed with elegant columns and statues to the galleries, it was well worth the cab fare but note, this is not a museum geared toward young children. TIP: Parking is free, but limited along a steep and shady hill on the golf course side.
My first date with my boyfriend was here. We went to look at art and some of it was really nice. The area around and inside is amazing. It makes you feel classy to come here. Parking was not hard to find, and free as well!! Lands end is around the area and perfect for a quiet little walk around sunset time. There is a golf course next door.
Nice little museum tucked way out in the northwest corner of San Francisco - it shares park space with the Lincoln Park golf course and pretty much overlooks the South Bay.  Lots of free parking close by...great views of the city and nearby Golden Gate Bridge. There are also a few walking/hiking trails outside the museum which reach all the way down to the waterfront.The museum was built by and gifted to the city of San Francisco by the Spreckels family in the early 1920s. Since that family had an interest in Rodin's work, a large part of the museum is a permanent and extensive display of Rodin's sculptures. Other exhibitions rotate through the museum. When we visited, two Matisse exhibits were there - Matisse from the SFMOMA, and Matisse and the Artist Book. This was a delightful museum trip. Since it is a bit out of the way and pretty much accessible only by car, it was not too crowded on the Friday afternoon we were there. But this museum is worth the trip. Nice café and museum shop in the basement complement your visit. Do this one.
Got there at 4:30 so it was FREE. Just an amazing experience. The art was breath taking.
This museum is a bit on the smaller side which means it's much more selective in it's offering. We went in specifically for the High Style exhibit which had a great selection in regard to fashion. The recreated rooms were well put together as well however the selection of art presented throughout the museum was lacking. With that being said, if you think of it as more of an art gallery, then it's right on the mark for what it presents.
I got to participate in a super fun scavenger hunt at the Legion of Honor and it was a wonderful place to read everything and look for details. The museum and grounds are absolutely beautiful and always has super interesting exhibits.
