This pond was uhhhmazing. Definitely the highlight of Golden Gate Park if not all of SF. Worth every step to get there. I usually don't give out 5 star reviews, but for lily pond, I do gladly.  A must-see, an instant classic, felt completely safe, if not right at home.   Do yourself a favor and bring your beloved ones here. It won't disappoint! P.S. Just kidding. The pond is closed. Don't come here.
Such a lovely little spot, hidden away in the wilds of the Golden gate park. If it had been sunny, it would have been beautiful. Sadly, the fog had started to roll in and the air already had a horrible nip in it. And this little hot house flower was starting to shiver. I really didn't get to enjoy this like I should have. NEXT TIME!!
This has been gone for about 2 years now. It should just say closed on Yelp so that people won't be disappointed upon arrival.
FYI: Park is currently closed. They are killing some non native species to let native species thrive again...
Great place right to come and relax. The pond itself is very pretty and not too many people are ever there.
Fantastic, chill little place on the eastern part of the park.   I was completely ignorant of its existence until my buddy brought me by here a couple of days ago -I couldn't believe there was another body of water in the park that I was unaware of, especially one with such a prehistoric "land before time" feel to it.   Like Katie I. says it really is like walking back in time.Lily Pond is a perfect place to find some comforting isolation, either from the crowds at the Academy of Sciences, or as your last patch of peace before heading off into the fray of Haight Street or the Pan Handle.Ahhh thank you GGPark, just another of your many wonderful areas.
If you ever want to go back in time about 85 million years to the time of the dinosaurs, this is the place to go. The best way to get there, in my humble opinion, is to start on JFK Drive and walk through the forest of ferns, cycads, and all the other weird and prehistoric looking plants. If you don't feel like you've landed in the Jurassic by doing this, I don't know what will. Once you reach the pond, you'll find yourself surrounded by green and the sounds of birds happily chirping up in the trees. On any given day, you should be able to find some turtles in the pond; on a great day, you'll find an egret or heron. So I ask you: did you know there was a time machine in San Francisco? No? Well now you do.
