This open space is a great example of why San Francisco is awesome!  Maritime Plaza Park is a hidden gem in FiDi.  Elevated from the street, the public can access the park from Washington or Clay streets just east of Battery.  The staircase up to the park can be tricky to see-- it's near the parking garage exit/entrance.The park has a few grassy areas for pets and humans to frolic in.  It's common to see pet owners walking their dogs or tossing Frisbee.  Also, outdoor bootcamps, yoga classes, and other fitness classes can often be seen out and about enjoying the public space.  The views are also quite nice here.  A nice view of the Transamerica Pyramid is to the west.  To the south is the Embarcadero Center, which has lovely lights during the holidays.  Also, there are a few interesting sculpture pieces to appreciate throughout the space.  The plaza space has walkways above Washington Street that leads to the Gateway apartments, and walkways above Clay Street that adjoin Embarcadero 2.Who doesn't want to appreciate a cool space-- free entertainment in a price-tastic city!
It's the little things in life that make me happy. Like when I worked downtown and would come to this secret little park to eat my lunch and sun my legs with my girl Jenn O. It's probably the thing I miss the most about being downtown, besides the restaurant and bar selection. For years I only referred to this place as the secret park, since we were out there quite often. It was nice having the place to ourselves, but feel that I should now share it with all of you. The park is tucked away off the Embarcadero around the Maritime building. You can get there by finding one of the few staircases or bridges that will take you there. It's worth the effort to get away for the simplest of things in life, a little sun and relaxation in the heart of the busy city.
I found this place to be so interesting .... on a sunny Saturday mid day moment.  My friend Samir and I walked away from the Saturday morning Ferry Building Farmers' Market after get our fill of goodies and felt ready for adventure.  We were walking west down Clay Street, and I spied a stairway that I felt we had to walk up.  It appeared to be going to the commons of private residences, yet I knew that this was commercially owned property.  Still it felt like a billionaire's little villa above the FiDi.  My interest in part was exploring these little places:a guide to san Francisco's privately-owned public open spacesHere's the link: spur.org/files/u7/POPOSG…I love the paradox of the very title above, "privately owned public space".  Not included in that guide is 1 Maritime and the Henry Moore sculpture that we happened upon called Knife Edge.  We rounded a few picturesque turns and came upon this enclosure whose gate was open.  So we walked in and observed the Henry Moore sculpture.  I thought, "How bizarre is this? We're in some wealthy family's garden and they actually have a world class public sculpture.  Hmmm.  Where the heck are we?"  So this is where I accidentally wandered two weeks ago on a Saturday morning and had to look it up on Google maps to realize we had discovered the Maritime Plaza quite by accident.  Here's some more visuals. sfgate.com/bayarea/artic…aresluna.org/stories/fra…I think you would like this space on a Saturday or Sunday morning.  We could walk southward from the Henry Moore sculpture across various walkways to find steps down into one of the Embarcadero Centers to street level where we resumed our walk to Chinatown and Telegraph Hill.
Oh how I love the sun-drenched, expansive-yet-hidden rooftop oasis that is Maritime Plaza Park.There are so many little nooks that you can feel like you're all alone up there, amidst the looming skyscrapers and the fast-moving hustle-and-bustle of city life below. You can escape here...with your lunch, with a friend, with your thoughts.Where else can you lay out on the grass or play frisbee with your dog in the middle of the Financial District? It's pretty awesome.There's no better place to escape.
When I worked at the office in One Maritime Plaza, this spot was my lunch spot!  I loved the views, spacious with lots of shades and a cool disco ball of water in the center.  Some people often bring their dogs here and I can see why.  If you're near the One Maritime Plaza, definitely check this spot out!
I shouldn't share this with you - my favorite rooftop spot for lunches and rendevous, up one of the side staircases and just walk around till you find a spot. Some spots you'll have lunchtime folk from the neighboring buildings walking around, but are still pretty isolated. Promise not to abuse it.
