When it comes to local neighborhood parks, McCoppin Square is second to none. Deep in the heart of the Sunset District and only a few blocks from 19th Ave., the playground was a hit with my daughter. The park, like most neighborhood parks in SF, is hilly. However, getting to its highest point will enable one to breathlessly take in the stunning view of the surrounding neighborhood.The playground is separated into a younger and older kids area. I love the innovative play structures with it's contemporary designs and wacky features. My daughter's favorite was the revolving "Christmas tree" where you can either grab hold on the outside or firmly stay inside. The spinning motion is dependent on a person to literally grab the exterior and run in a circle to increase the centripetal force. The faster you run, the more spin you'll create for the individuals. I also noticed a ball field up at the top and an adjacent tennis court. All-in-all, an enjoyable time spending 30 quality minutes with my family.
Come here to pee and play!The bathroom is one of the cleanest public park bathrooms I've ever seen. Most of the Taraval shops my friends and I visit don't have a public bathroom, so we'll just make a pit stop here if anyone needs to go. Since it's right across from the police station, it feels safe going here any time of day.There are two playgrounds: a gated area with small playground equipment meant for toddlers, and another small playground area meant for everyone else. The latter playground has a swing set and jungle gym-like structure in the shape of a Christmas tree that can spin around. Benches and walkways are spread throughout the park, making it a nice place for people to just sit and relax. My friends and I would sometimes get boba on Taraval then just enjoy it on the benches here.There's also a basketball court and tennis court. It might be difficult to grab a court considering there's just one of each though.McCoppin Square is a small but fun patch of green in the neighborhood!
Great for 2 to 4 year olds. Have an enclosed and new playground for them.
Not too fond of this park, my son is 5 years old and was playing in the area designed for him.. Only the kids playing in there are way too small and the area is small not much play area and i can tell my son was bored. Across is another area for little older kids, but all i see is the high school kids playing,kissing in that area. Uncomfortable.  Not too friendly area too.
Very nice spot for a recreation area with building on the Northwest corner on Taraval St and 22nd Ave. Abraham Lincoln High School is one block up from here. Overall, excellent spot for outdoor recreation time.
This is a clean and pleasant playground...maybe because it's close to the police station? I don't know but I sure feel safe. Kid friendly, dog friendly, elderly friendly...caters to almost everybody.  Softball field, tennis courts and basketball courts.. ample tables and benches to sit down to enjoy the pretty flowers and landscaping and paths to take a stroll with your pup.  When your little ones have drained off all their energy in the playground.. walk a few steps to the library for some quiet reading time and have them knock out in your lap...at least that's what I do ;)
This is where the Parkside Bookmobile used for their restroom. They urinated at the corner of 24th and Santiago. These are public servants that were publicly urinating wherever they wanted. Thank goodness they are gone.
It's a clean park. I used the tennis court which is well maintained and has a better surface than others. My one gripe is the gate to the tennis court. Hard to open or close from the inside without getting your finger smashed.
Small park. Not a whole lot to do for kids.
If you're looking for one of the best places in SF to play a softball game, you can't do much better than McCoppin Park.  McCoppin is superior to my favourite field (Parkside) in several ways.  For one, McCoppin is bigger and more private.  The diamond is surrounded on three sides by a eucalyptus forest.  Access to the ball field isn't as friendly as Parkside.  And McCoppin's substantial chain link fence is annoying because it fully separates the batting team and the on-deck hitter from the field.  Yes, the fencing is  necessary to keep balls from rolling into the forest. but a gate sure would help.Nevertheless, these drawbacks are minor compared to the diamond's pure beauty and playing softball without the urban interference and hubbub of competing activities (soccer, dogs, romping kids, ultimate frisbee).  McCoppin is an oasis.Next time I will park up on Santiago Street and saunter toward home plate while the forest surrounds me.  Sweet.
McCoppin Square is basically the village green of the Parkside district.  Home to the Parkside Library (side note on the Library renovation project: why oh why didn't they start with the Parkside branch?  It needs it more than any other branch I've seen), a baseball diamond, tennis court, playground, and just some nice grass and trees for walking your dog around.No doubt this is a great asset for the neighborhood, but not much here for non-locals, and definitely not a "walk in the park" kind of park--it's pretty small (roughly 4 small square blocks) and most of the space is taken up by the various facilities.
It's TINY but a welcome patch of green in the Parkside neighborhood.  There are two tennis courts, a baseball field, a pretty nice children's play area and the Parkside library.  The views aren't anything to write home but you can see Mt. Davidson and Twin Peaks.  The Taraval police station is directly across from the playground, so I imagine the park is safe.  The sign says that the playground is only for those 12 and under.  That's so unfair!  It's a public park - shouldn't it be accessible to all?  I want to use the swings but I get the feeling that the police are watching.  I don't think there are any benches other than in the playground area so it's the type of place you walk by or walk through quickly unless you're using the facilities.
This used to be the  park I went to most when i was a wee kid. The playground was one of my favorite places to go, it has a huge slide and swings, monkey bars the works. Its not EXTREMLEY Big or anything but its acceptable for kids to play in.Im not sure anymore if its still there but they should have like a preschool called Rainbow Montessori or something. So usually they have kids there doing the school season.Other than that, there is a library on the other side and there is a baseball field and some tennis courts. Also there is a police station right across the street so its quite safe there.
Small but well-maintained park. They should plant some more trees. Overall the park is welcomed and I'd much rather the park exist over another bland sunset building.
Played a game of baseball here.  It's a pretty safe park, with the police across the street.There's Lincoln High school on another side and the library on another.This would be a good place to go on a Sunny day, where you can borrow a book from Parkside library and bring it to the grassy field to read.
It's a nice little park in the midst of Chinese and Irish take out places. It's small sure, but there is no other common green space in the area for one to sit and eat food so it works for me when I'm in the area.
