Check out the app TourWithMe for best local experience. You can download it in iPhone App Store or Android Google Play Store. :)
I drove 2 hours to get here, and when I asked about the background/information about the mission, they said they can't tell me anything, that we need to research and find out for ourselves on the internet. Signs are poorly written and not politically correct. They are Native Americans, not Indians from the middle east morons! The signs on display also mention Spanish people. But, are these really Spaniards or are they talking about Mexican people? I guess the streets are named after people who are in the graveyard, but we don't get to know what the significance is! Rude, unhelpful, waste of money. We could have just pulled up photos off the internet and printed them instead of going there in person. If you have to go here with your kid for a school project, do not even bother, just take the photos provided on the net! they won't tell you anything, will straight up refuse to answer questions!
I remember making a model of this mission in 3rd grade. It is a place I studied for a report too. My first time in this mission must have been in 1994. It is a very special place. You walk in and you can see and feel and smell the history. You hear the wood floor beneath you - quickly you realize this is a sacred place even if you are only 10 years old at the time. A sense of respect and awe comes over you - its nothing like modern churches that are held in industrial warehouses or movie theaters. I remember going on a tour 22 years ago and probably much of what the tour guide told me I forgot but I did remember how I was told that the Native Americans who helped build the place were buried around the property and beneath it and likely even under the paved streets.
The Day of the Dead is a big deal for my gf so we came here in hopes that there might be something going on. Was there anything going on? No. Not at all. However, it was still an awesome experience as we got to walk around this piece of history. It's $5 bucks to get in. So know that in advance. There is also a really old cemetery which was all kinds of cool. It has really been kept in great shape and it really feels like something out of a movie. Lots of cool trinkets on display. It's not a huge place, so you won't spend a while lot of time here, but it's worth visiting at least once.
This is a fairly interesting Mission  Not as interesting as the Missions in San Juan Capistrano and Monterey.  But I try to visit all the missions I have not seen. The building is original, they claim.  The Basilica next door is, of course, much newer.The explanations are the sort of whitewashed version that passed for history until the past couple of decades. No mention of the "missionaries" holding the local Indians in virtual slavery.
I have started visiting (and revisiting) some of the missions I visited as a child.  This past week I went back to Mission Dolores... It did not fail, it's always lovely to see these.  It's colorful and lots for the eyes enjoy.  The only thing is that majority of these missions are free to visit and if you can you put in a donation.  We always do but with this church, you have to pay $5 adult / $3 child to get in.  No donation, there is an admission charge.  I don't quite understand, is this set up completely for tourists/visitors or are folks allowed to go in and pray without the expectation to pay to enter!? Admission includes the mission, the basilica, a small museum and you exit out by going through the graveyard/garden.
You'd think after living in the Bay Area for over 20 years (and being a Catholic) that I would have been to MD before but alas I hadn't. I was spending the day in the city with my teenage son who loves the Mission area. He was showing me how the park was being refurbished when I saw the mission up on the hill. We had time so I said let's go check it out. It was a really hot Columbus Day and going inside the original structure with its four foot thick walls so really cool (as in temperature). There is so much great history here (famous people buried, Vertigo scenes shot here, visit by Pope John Paul). We took the self-guided tour. To think that at the very same moment on the other side of the US the colonies declared their independence from Great Britain is mind-blowing. Two worlds on the same continent who had no idea what the other was doing.
I really enjoyed coming here with friends.The entrance is only 5$, and free if you are a student.This mission was the first established in the area, and gave the name to the city, in 1776.It's a composition of different parts, a chapel, a basilica and an outdoor cemetery.It is really worth going, to understand the fundation of this city and its roots.I especially enjoyed a walk in the outdoor cemetery, that really brought me back to the Old World for a couple of minutes.Check it out!
Our brief visit to San Francisco included the last of the missions on the Camino Real, after having also visited the first in San Diego.  Nicely preserved original church and outbuildings.  Interesting cemetery similar to older ones in St. Augustine, also founded by earlier Franciscans and Spanish.   The small museum and literature reveals the conflicted relationship between the native people, the conquering Spanish military and the paternalistic Franciscan friars.   Regarding the charges of  "near-slavery" it is clear that the Spanish military and religious used natives for labor in all missions, but the Spanish form of slavery was regarded as preferable even to the slaves...as evidenced by the flight of Indian and black slaves from English/Colonist masters in the east to Spanish-controlled Florida where they could maintain intact families and  earn their freedom.
Okay, so I have a soft spot for historical places - especially local ones. $5 will get you a tour of the old Mission, new Basilica next door and cemetery. The Mission is pretty cute and it's amazing to see the oldest building in SF in such great shape. It's not impressive like those Old World churches in Europe but it's still cute. Something about churches and libraries with their hushed atmospheres.The new Basilica is also pretty cool. I liked the stained glass windows of all the missions in CA.The cemetery is tiny and a lot of the gravestones are hard to read. Sad to see so many kids buried there as well as lots of people who died before 40. Hard times back then. The "biggest" names are in the front near the gift shop.This place isn't quite as exciting as say Alcatraz, but it's a worth a stop for history buffs and there's really no excuse for locals not to visit the birthplace of their city (I know, shame on me for taking so long to do this!).
I have been to Santa Rosa and a long time ago San Fernando but I was absolute floored by the beauty of it was simply amazing. I only went here because one of my kids was doing a school project but I am so glad I did. The tour was self guided which was nice because you can take your time and here you want to. It is beautifully maintained and only costs $5 for the entrance. There are two chapels and numerous rooms plus a graveyard with signs saying the history of the  mission. All in all a great history lesson and a nice day out.
Was really hesitant with coming here on a Sunday and not being able to see the Basilica.If you time it in between services, you can get in and snap pictures! It's absolutely stunning inside.  The mission itself is small and packed.  Falls right in line with the essence of SF.  The two Filipino ladies working there are so sweet!  Student admission of $3 makes visiting this place a no brainer!
I thought this would be a good place to take our visitors from out of town. Parking is metered or neighborhood 2 hours without permit. You can take the metro J Church street car which passes about one block away. Entrance is $5/person, discount for students and seniors. Beautiful basilica and altar. Self guided tour to garden cemetery and small museum. Only took one hour so visitors can still see other SF sites.
Beautiful and quaint church. Take a tour...it's not very long and light a candle for Guadalupe!
I came here for the cemetery..Yes I said thatI do enjoy missions themselves as well of course. Mission Dolores did not disappoint in that respect. A beautiful ornate building. Smaller than most missions, but just as interesting$5.00 got us a self guided tour. It was good Friday so we had to peace out of there by noon. WoopsI went into the chapel itself to check out the walls and ornate statues. It deliveredThen I bee-lined for the cemetery. Small, but had a nice gothic vibeThere were several interesting statues, tombs and grave stones. Plus many trees growing everywhere, winding vines and moss. One of the tombstones was a statue of a woman. They had made it where her eyes were stained with tears. It was creepy and beautiful all at the same timeMany pictures were taken. I was pretty impressed by this section aloneI would highly recommend this little piece of history
I came here with my daughter and my boyfriend for my daughters 4th grade project.The mission is so beautiful and holds so much history. The mission has beautiful pieces of art, and has many characteristics. I enjoyed coming here with my family. It was very rewarding and I learned a lot.
Great place to take guests, but only a 10 minute stop. This place is really beautiful, but the museum is very light.
Totally worth the $5 tour. Lots of information in the brochure, and since it's a smallish mission, it's not overwhelming. The stained glass windows in the church are really pretty.Not sure if you can ever go to the top of the tower to get a view of the city?
The historic and spiritual center of San Francisco the Mission Dolores should draw a greater number of locals and tourists too appreciate it. Though the sparsely visited mission and basilica create a serene environment in which to reflect and ponder how San Francisco and industrialized society has evolved.The basilica is adorned with stained glass tributes to each of the Alta California missions founded along El Camino Real.
Oh gosh, where is Carlotta Valdes buried? What do you mean you never heard of her? That's the mystery woman that Kim Novak was obsessed with in "Vertigo" as Jimmy Stewart was getting obsessed with her. That's a whole lot of obsession in one movie, but that's Hitch for ya. He was obsessed with cool blondes that he could manipulate behind the camera. Anyway, the mission got rid of the fictitious Carlotta Valdes tombstone but only when relatives of the deceased actually buried in the cemetery complained that it was disrespectful. I can understand that, but I don't think a souvenir "RIP Carlotta" tombstone snow globe would be too tacky, do you?Regardless, I keep forgetting what a lovely building the mission is. and I have to admit that I keep forgetting it's even there. See my photo gallery if you don't believe me. That's the drawback of being the oldest surviving building in the city, even though there are actually two buildings - the original adobe chapel with the beautiful Spanish Baroque ornamental ceiling design and the much larger basilica next door with all the stained glass and rows of wooden pews. The latter is still very much an active community church and well worth coming by for a service. For me, the high point of the grounds will always be the cemetery since it's the last remaining one within the city limits.That's right - when you keel over and kick the bucket in San Francisco, your choices are to end up in Colma or as a pile of ashes in a columbarium. No exceptions. Before you consider your fate, make sure to stop and enjoy the rose garden where a statue of a pensive Father Junipero Serra stands guard over the graves, the last of whom was buried in 1898. Unless you count Carlotta. Oh wait, she's a fake. And of course, what California mission would be complete without a gift shop where you can start your own ceramic tile collection of all 21 California missions? Alas, I was looking for the boxing nun hand puppet, but none were to be found. Admission is bargain-priced at $5. Definitely go if you've never been.
There are a couple of things that make Mission Dolores noteworthy and a "do not miss" place to visit. The first is that it's in a big city which many of the missions in California are not. In fact, there are a few beautiful missions off the 101 in the middle of nowhere that are lovely but not nearly as well-funded and taken care of as this one. The downside to the in-city mission is that you don't have the large grounds to explore that you do at others. The good thing about that, of course, is that it doesn't have to take very long to make a visit.The old mission church is beautiful and in incredible condition. Directly next to it is another newer church (1800s I believe) that is also very pretty. Both are used quite a bit so the other neat thing about this mission is the chance of seeing it in use is pretty high. A wedding, a congregation, party planning, a baptism; all kinds of things could be going on. This is one of the iconic locations in Vertigo -- the Alfred Hitchcock movie with Kim Novak and Jimmy Stewart -- so if you're a fan, there's a particular thrill to walking where those stars and Hitchcock and his crew walked. The place hasn't changed, either, so it's like stepping onto a movie set. The only thing that has changed is the size of the tree in front. You can't get the view of the outside that was used in the film but I'm happy to see big trees in a city!But the best feature of this mission is the graveyard. Now, I'm not a graveyard junkie or anything but this is the ONLY cemetery in San Francisco. Years ago, all of the cemeteries were moved outside city limits (to Colma) except for this one due to its age and historical significance. There are VERY old graves here including many of the founders of the city, after whom streets and neighborhoods are named. There are also some native Americans and many immigrants. It's a real treat to see these well-preserved bits of history. I love seeing on some of them, "A San Francisco Native." These are the children settlers who came out West in the early days, who grew up and died BEFORE the gold rush. Finally, don't miss the ledger kept by the missionaries to record the names of every native they baptized with their new name: an eerie relic of coerced conversion.
I didn't go in (I don't pay to enter churches - that's just me).  Nice to finally see Mission Dolores after having grown up in the Bay Area.  Funny, I visited other missions in California as a kid but my parents never took me here...  Nice sanctuary in the Mission (now I've seen what the Mission district is named for).
An old church from California's days of yore - the building has a lot of history from its establishment in the early 19th century. Particularly, the cemetery has a lot of names from the old days of the gold rush and also has a small exhibit to the Native Americans they sought to convert at its establishment. Tour is largely self-guided and will cost you $5 per person. As the church operates off of donations only, I didn't feel like it wasn't with it - at least there's a clean bathroom if you need a place to go before moving onto your next touristy destination.
I can't believe how few reviews there are for the Mission compared to some of the surrounding attractions (I'm looking at you, Dolores Park!), so 5 stars based on that alone. I was not overly blown away by the church itself but there were two reasons why I thought this was well-worth the $5 donation and your time to have a look around: (1) there is a relatively clean bathroom which might come in handy if you are exploring the nearby area, and more importantly, (2) the cemetery is a good spot for internal reflection and gaining a rekindled appreciation of modern life. Read a few of the gravestones and you'll see what I mean.
Reasons to check this place out.1) Oldest building in San Fran.2) Cool history lessons and artifacts from the original San Franciscans.3) 5 dollar entry.4) Colorful stain glass windows for each California Mission.5) Spiritual refuge....
Finally ventured inside and enjoyed the self-guided tour. I had no idea that there was a little cemetery back there. A tiny museum in the back has some area artifacts and gives a little history. On the way back there is a lovely little diorama. Totally worth a visit but be careful not to bump into anything in the giftshop- it's so tiny!
Mission Dolores (as it's now known) is like a power mission visit compared to our visits to Sonoma and San Juan Bautista. You can be in and out, including a very leisurely stroll around the cemetery and basilica, in an hour. A self guided tour takes you immediately from the gift shop entrance into the mission sanctuary itself. It's approximately the same size as Sonoma, but more elaborately decorated with guilding and painted detail work. From there you pass by a model mission and some historical photos, then into a small one-room museum. The next door basilica is an active church, so we waited until a funeral was finished, to go in and see the stained glass windows of all the various missions. Allergy alert...the incense inside was super heavy. You'll find a lovely tile mural outside and a replica native american hut in the cemetery...both acknowledgments in some way of who was there first and the devastation the creation of the missions caused to the native inhabitants of this land. The small cemetery could be peaceful, unless like us, you happen to be there when a 4th grade class is touring the mission and the school next door is at recess. I found it interesting that in addition to the maybe 200 or so gravestones, thousands more people are buried in the vicinity...their graves long since covered over by the "progress" of civilization.This is a great neighborhood to walk around too...with lots of shops and restaurants along Valencia and nearby streets.
There are plenty of churches in the area but none with the history of Mission Dolores.Very pretty church and we've been lucky to visit other mission churches throughout CA and they are all amazing.
As I was pondering the grand spectacle of the most renowned European cathedrals (or I was playing Assassin's Creed II, can't be sure), it dawned on me that I was more familiar with the history of cities thousands of miles away than I was with the one I live in. Thanks to my mom's recommendation, I finally popped into Mission Dolores.After walking through the entryway, I stumbled directly into a church service (note to self: the Basilica is still in use), but I really enjoyed the trip back through the city's history and learning about Mission Dolores' role in it. While I can't say it's for everyone, those with an ear for history should definitely stop by at least once.
Not far from our hotel we decided to visit on our way home because public transportation was a no go from the financial district. We took our car and found ample parking! My daughter was too cold to even get out of the car but I forced her and we all liked it. Good piece of history, it's worth a short trip if you're in the area.
Why does our Lady of Sorrow have the blues? She has seen 11,000 burials, 7k baptisms, and 2k weddings. Created in 1776 by de Anza explorers Jose Moraga and Franc Palou in efforts to convert local Ohlones. Today Rev Arturo Albano welcomes you Sunday morning @ 8 sharp.
History. Real History. And Phat Philly is nearby, along with Big Mouth Burger and Bi-rite and Whole Foods.
Beautiful church.I was blessed to be married here in the Basilica. The Reverend is a dear family friend of many years. The $1800 price to be married here is a bit high, but worth it. The church is absolutely stunning in pictures.You must check out the museum, and the cemetary with the Indian hut. Cool.
Went here for a field trip.  Just beautiful!  I love how they preserved this Mission.
Rose and the man(didnt get his name) in the gift store were very friendly and welcoming. Wonderful ppl. Jewelry was 50% off!
My wife and I were on vacation in San Francisco and we have seen about 5 of the California Missions now. We entered, (Walking over the bum hanging out on the steps) and the first chapel had great stained glass and a high school class hanging out there sketching the windows. It was really pretty. We then went to the large church and looked at the other stained glass and enjoyed the self guided tour. The cemetery was pretty cool, it was a nice 30 minute jaunt near my mom's house where she grew up in. Overall, a nice little tour.
Flashback to the 4th grade!  For those of you who are products of the California public school system - remember the California history segment in 4th grade where they covered the El Camino Real, the missions, Spanish colonization, and the Gold Rush?  Or am I the only geek that does?This mission is such an integral part of the city.  It's the oldest building in the city and the city is named after it.  It's a $5 fee to take the self guided tour and the fee funds the mission preservation efforts.  $5 well spent.The tour begins in the chapel section of the mission.  When you walk into the chapel and stare at the crisscross patterned ceilings and ornate altar, you can't help but feel a sense of awe and calm.The basilica to the right of the chapel is even more awe inspiring.  The stained glass on both sides of the basilica represent the other missions along the El Camino Real.  The ceiling and decorations are incredible.  It's very dim in the building and I thought that I wouldn't be able to take any good pics.  I snapped a few pics without the flash and the shots were incredible.  The natural light flowing through the stained glass made the entire basilica glow with a soft aura.The cemetery was the final part of the tour.  It includes an eclectic bunch from a prominent black businessman to Spanish governors to some Irish names.  The cemetery is well kept, with blooming flowers and clean headstones.Overall, this is a great experience for anyone.  I can't describe the awe and calm that I felt in this place.  I highly recommend taking a little time to soak in this integral piece of SF history.
Although Mission Dolores is a fine example of period architecture from the 1700's, the self-guided tour is not worth the price of admission ($5.00 for adults). Unless visiting all of California's missions is on your bucket list, save your simoleons and visit the (free) basilica.The self-guided tour consists of an adobe chapel which has some well preserved murals and a colorful wooden ceiling. A modest (tiny) museum and a diorama of the historical mission is also part of the short tour. Other than a cemetery with a thatched hut, that is all to see. Maybe it would be better to just visit the gift shop, buy a few post cards and admire the structure from the outside.
I attended a Saturday night mass at Mission Dolores on the 11th of May. Walking in I immediately noticed the painted design on the roof of the church. The church was small with the traditional adobe feel. The walls and statues delivered to my love of catholic art.  Because it was after 5 the cemetery was not open, however I caught a glance through the fence.  The floor was scattered with headstones, statues of priests and other religious figures, all adorned with ivy and sheltered by vegetation. The mass was the Saturday before mother's day so mass was a message to the women in our life. The hymns, altar boys and offerings took me back to my childhood. It was all together a great experience that I will attend again.
The people who work at the desk seem to not want anyone to visit.
I've walked by Mision Dolores many times. I finally got a chance to check it out. I felt a deeper connection with the city after my visit. I can't describe it. My tour of the Mision gave me a greater understanding of the city's foundation and I saw the graves of the people who founded the city and those that made it great. I urge San Franciscans to check it out. A great history lesson waiting to be discovered.
A solemn place for the first-time visitor. As in other missions, the gift shop serves as entrance and exit - past the gift shop a lot of history is revealed to the visitor. I thought the cemetery and the history of the area and mission was the most interesting. The cemertery has a LOT of tombstones, all dating back to the 1800s; often depressing to see that most of the deaths were children but in those olden days guess that medical care was minimal plus the weather was not as "accommodating" as it is today. I found it interesting that many of the deaths were of people who immigrated to the area were from Ireland and Scotland! wow! Within the history of the mission are also little historical tidbits of SF also and will prove very informative to the history buff. The gift shop also has guides of the other missions. Thought the little refrigerator magnets were VERY expensive!!!PHOTOGRAPHICALLY SPEAKING: The chapel itself isn't much, aside from the oddly-painted ceiling and the altar. Very dark. The cemetery still seems the place to be for photographs of the tombstones, though in many spots the shadows aren't good for recording dates and words of the stones. Though many are unreadable, many others are very legible and very photogenic. Many historical notes are good too.
Nice mission in SF. A lot to see although what we could see was a bit limited due to Mass being in progress in the Basilica. The cemetery is a sight in itself as so much history is contained within those walls. Enjoyed seeing and supporting the mission.
I don't know if Jesus is on yelp or not but if he is, he should know that the people working here are absent of any Christian charity. I was late to mass so I waited until it was over to visit the church. As soon as mass was over I tried to enter the church at this point entry was 5 dollars and you were not aloud to take a pamphlet.  I am just saying I was surprised and don't want to go to hell.
Idk am old school I guess but I think its weird too pay too walk around a church.  I find the touristy stuff at the church really weird.All the things in the gift shop are way overpriced, they must be making alot of money cause I went to service there and they brought that offering basket around 4 or five fimes
This church is very special to me and I usually just pray in the smaller chapel area since I'm not gonna do the tour. The old lady working here is extremely rude. When we were entering the chapel the woman said "excuse me!" And looked at us in a mean way and I said we were not gonna do the tour and we're just gonna pray in the small area. Then she said "just in that area!" She said it in a way like she's making it seem that we were still gonna go to the other areas but we didn't want to pay. When we came out she was still looking at us the same way. I've gone there a lot of times and have never been treated that way. She could've at least talked to us in a non disrespectful way. It's a church and I understand it is a tourist spot but she didn't have to treat us that way. I hope someone would tell her that!
Letter to "Father" Bill:"Father" Bill, you have no authority to undo a blessing given and therefore renounce the position of someone as a child of God.  The arrogance, prejudice, and lack of love that is shown by this action calls into question your leadership and right to assume the cloak of a representative of God.  It is unfortunate that I met you today, if I had known the kind of blackness that I would encounter, I would not have made the effort to meet you. Well, you will be judged by others much higher than me and I hope the best for you.
One of my favorite places that I visited in SF!  The building is in very good condition for its age and there is a small exhibit on the history of the mission and conversion efforts there after its founding after you exit the basilica.  The museum facilities are small, but it is primarily a functioning church, so that's easily forgiven.
Every San Franciscan should pay a visit to the Mission Dolores at some point, considering this is where the party we know as SF started in the first place. Except I don't think there was any partying here. For sure. Touring the complex is a beautiful experience. The original mission is surprisingly ornate, calm, and full of reverence. The vast basilica is colorful and nothing short of stunning. Meanwhile, the graveyard is so silent and moving, you have no idea you're in the middle of a neighborhood known for rowdier living. If you're a photography enthusiast, be sure to bring your camera. There are some amazing photo angles here. And of course, I can't go without mentioning that scenes were filmed in the graveyard for Vertigo, a San Francisco postcard only Hitchcock could conceptualize. For locals, I'd really recommend a visit to the mission when you need to clear your head or shake off the blahs.  Its peaceful beauty is just as calming as a walk on the beach, but much more accessible by public transportation. Don't forget to drop off a donation to help preserve the California missions, which receive no state funding. They're too special to lose.
A nice way to spend an afternoon after you've lunched along Valencia- in a taqueria, perhaps.The Mission is Ground Zero in SF's history. It's nicely presented in the self-guided tour which is all you need. Lovely trip back in time. It's a must for tourists and locals alike. It certainly should outrank Fisherman's Wharf.I've been here numerous times but generally with others so I wasn't paying close attention to the exact directions. ( I came walking over from Market St. this time.) I was walking down Dolores and I was almost in front of the Mission but I couldn't see the forest for the trees, as they say. I asked a guy strolling past where Mission Dolores was and he said he didn't know. "The big church", I added.  "Nope" , he shrugged. "But Mission STREET is thataway", he pointed.  I'm sure he was a local. No tourists are there on a Monday in November. Amazing- he DIDN'T know! Steps later, I looked up and I could see its spire just above me!
I visited the Mission Saturday and didn't pay a dime.  A friend and I stopped by on a whim after parking outside. I was remarkably touched by the mission, it's beautiful cemetery gardens and the amazing stained glass windows inside the basilica are especially stunning on a nice day, with the light pouring in. The pews in the basilica is a great place to find some solace in the city.I highly recommend taking visitors here and "locals" should make time to stop by too and gain a deeper understanding of the history of San Francisco. Sometimes it's hard to remember our little piece of 7x7 was once just dirt and gravel.
I had some time to kill in the Mission this afternoon, so I decided to walk over from BART and check out the mission. I've visited most of the missions, and while I've driven by this one before, I never stopped in before today. While I'm not a religious person, I'm a huge history / genealogy geek. My family's history is tied to the missions in Ventura and San Gabriel, so any place that can put my family in a historical context is amazing by me.For five dollars, you get to take a self-guided tour of the original mission, the basilica, the museum, and the cemetery. The tour did a great job explaining the significance of the altars in the original mission building. While the adobe mission was somber and historic, the basilica was more extravagant. Both were beautiful. I visited the basilica during a Spanish-language mass, so I couldn't look around much. Beautiful setting, though. The whole thing reminded me of my family.To me, the cemetery is where this mission really shined. Like I said, I'm a huge genealogy buff. First off, the first headstone I stumbled upon had the same name as a big chunk of my family (Granados). While that person can't be related to me, it was pretty eerie. The amazing thing about this cemetery was that a map pinpointed where each grave was by name, and even the names of each plant there (something useful for gardeners, I guess!). While I had no family buried here, it just struck me as an extremely useful touch.The whole mission, from the original adobe building, to the basilica, to the cemetery, was incredible. For me, it was quiet, beautiful spot to relax and reflect, on the city, my family, and myself.
Pretty little church. Kinda funny with the newer big church smashed up against the smaller older church. But, it is what it is. And it is pretty inside.The cemetery in the back is also very beautiful and peaceful.Movie buffs should recognize the scene from Vertigo. Be sure to buy a magnet or something from the gift shop.
Beautiful, great church for a concert. Love hearing GGMC sing here!
Cemetery a must-see. Note average age of death.Friendly gift store staff.
i visited Mission Dolores for the first time 4/2/06 and thought it was good.  For $5 per adult it's not the cheapest place but we have to support the Mission right?Small Mission.  Decent restrooms-have separate men and women bathrooms, fully stocked the time I went in the women's.  Small cemetery.  Checked out the Basilica for a tiny bit.  They were going to close soon so didn't get a lot of time in the Mission but an hour was plenty.We got there about 4:10pm and the sign said they close at 4pm.  They still let us walk around until 5pm.  Weird.
For the big 200, I went with an homage to California (the only state I've ever called home), SF (one of my favorite places in the world), and the Mission (which, for all its faults, isn't a bad place to live).(Sidenote: Why is *Mission* Dolores listed in the Castro??)If you grew up in California, you probably had a section in fourth-grade social studies about the California missions. Though they conveniently left out the more appalling parts of how and why the missions got built, we all learned about these charming little Spanish Colonial buildings dotting the state. We didn't really know or care much about them, outside of having to know what they looked like so we could build our own damned mission out of popsicle sticks or some other primitive material kids probably don't use in school anymore. *shakes fist*Sunny days are tops here, when you can sit, stare, and walk among the moss-covered graves of Sanchez, Noe and all those other famous names we know these days as streets. Photo opportunities abound. It's quiet, peaceful and undisturbed, all things I actually like on occasion.Let me explain in terms of my Lists.*Ass-Kicking Buildings*Mission Dolores is the oldest building in San Francisco. It was built as a point of civilization (along with the Presidio and Portsmouth Square) in a region that was largely untamed. So we can all kind of thank Mission Dolores for turning a quiet little place they named Yerba Buena into the bustling hilly city we know today. Stucco wannabes of this Spanish Colonial style are all over the state in condos and strip malls, but this is the real deal.*Mostly Free, Always Fun*It costs $5 to get in here, and you have access to all the grounds, the cemetery and the chapel. Practically nothing for a peaceful afternoon in the oldest building in the city.*Where I Is: The Mission*I officially live in the Mission now. It's kind of nice to remember that this building (the 'hood's namesake) was there before the other stuff.I'm still working on keeping the dirty looks to myself when I see those pre-made mission projects at Michael's.
This is a must see San Francisco landmark. If you are a native or visitor or resent transplant DON"T miss this! I had some out of town guest visiting the other week.  My aunt wanted to visit the Mission. She had read up on it.  It was worth it. You will be amazed at the architecture and history . Try it.... you won't regret it.
Loved this Mission! I always enjoy seeing any place with any historical value and Mission Dolores delivers.I especially loved the main building the detail was amazing and I loved all the stain glass. For a 5 dollar donation you can explore this great piece of San Fransisco history!
Beautiful place in an urban surrounding.  Peaceful garden and cemetery area with a history rich in San Francisco tradition.  Make sure to see everything here, from the gift shop to the inside of the Church, to all the old artifacts on display
Who wouldn't enjoy an old mission and a cemetery to roam around in? I didn't even know there was a mission until we walked past the Mission Delores in route for brunch at Mission Beach Cafe. We came in post brunch and roamed around. For a small $5 entrance fee you can roam around this mission which has been here since the 1700s. Tons of history and the visit to the basilica is also a beautiful trip. Mass does carry on here and there are some people in here praying so try to use your quiet voice... The cemetery is nice.. Old graves dating back to the mid 1800s and well kept as well.
This is a fantastic place to spend an afternoon and a few rolls of film (haha, do you remember "rolls of film"??).You enter the Mission Dolores through the gift shop on Dolores Street, not 16th St.  The Mission is the smaller white building (pictured) that is just south of the giant Basilica on the corner.  The gift shop entrance is the small door to the left of the main entrance (far left in the picture).I paid $5 admission to a cool yoga-instructor type who prepared me for the awesomeness of this place, "I can really feel it's spirit, and I'm not even a Christian.  I think that's why they filmed Vertigo in the Cemetery."Cameo in an Hitchcock classic is just one funky feature of this place.  Another is the jolly old tour guide who glides around in a silky red cape.  He knows *everything* about this place and lots about Vertigo too!With only an hour to wander, I skipped the guided tour and passed quickly through the Chapel, Basilica, and Museum, to maximize my time in the Cemetery.  It's a teeny little cemetery which is picture-perfect spooky with crumbling monuments and oddly tilted head stones.The Gift Shop Clerk was right, this place does have a large presence.  You can't help thinking about all the dead missionaries and public servants buried here and the thousands of indigenous people who died during the Mission's construction.  (Queue up a little Radiohead on the iPod and you'll be in the perfect frame of mind.)Highlight: they allow flash photography in every part of the Mission (even the Chapel).
Mission Dolores is a very significant and gorgeous piece of living history, which easily deserves five stars.However, it gets one negative stars for the management.  I'm all for preserving history and donations are one thing, but doesn't it seem odd that they are charging _admission_ for visiting a church? It doesn't seem like a "Catholic" thing to do, and my devout parents really took offense to this.
Mission Dolores... Where to start?The Old Mission: It's wonderful how they attempted to maintain the traditional style, adobe structure, antique statues, etc. Truly a gem. You'd have to see it to really appreciate it. The staff in the gift shop are very welcoming as well. The Basilica: A beautiful Church that I hope to get married in one day. However, I'm not a fan of the green carpet that they replaced the old one with a few years ago. Beautiful architecture, and you should come to mass and listen to the soulful choir echo throughout the Basilica. I also love how they haven't modernized the basilica. Perhaps my review is biased since I attended the adjacent school from K-8th grade, and this is basically where my family and I grew up. We have pretty much done every single sacrament at the Mission and Basilica... Nonetheless, i've always been proud to grow up in a part of San Francisco history. There is just so much history from the statues to the bells on the top of the Basilica. Come see Mission Dolores for yourself, even to just sit in one of the pews and spend some time in silence =)
No, no...this is not an all about "Vertigo" sight-seeing review! This is about seeing Mission San Francisco de Asis (as it is formally known) through the eyes of my sons who are in CA public schools and need to do their "Mission Project"....For those of you who grew up elsewhere (or, like me, grew up prior to Prop 13) it seems as though it's some kind of law. Well, we all know what really happens to most of those sugar cubes ("adobe bricks") which constitute the average 10 year old boys' missions....and aside from the potential for a horrific ant invasion, I was not about to deal with the fall-out from some radical sugar high! So, we traipsed over to 16th and Dolores. WOW!!We had the entire place to ourselves today...the chapel, the basilica, and the cemetery. It has been many years since I was here, and I now regret not coming here sooner. Each component of this place is worth a trip in and of itself. I donated $5.00 and the boys got in for $3.00...I am of 2 minds when in these places. First, one cannot  help but  be in awe of the beauty and what the missionaries obviously believed. Then I consider how horrific the consequences to our Native Americans and their culture and I am saddened. The Ohlone "hut" in the garden doesn't really begin to compensate , but I guess it's a start. The diorama is fun to look at, too.I learned a lot today, including the first mayor of San Francisco is buried here. The first governor of Alta California is also buried here...and many others lost to time's fast fading memory. The graves and tombstones of the children left an indelible mark upon my sons.No matter which side of the fence you find yourself on politically in regards to the early padres/Indian culture, this is well worth investigating. This excursion has provided the catalyst to investigate other missions throughout CA.
Lisa W, you really *are* classy shit.  Perfect review.  And I concur: how can there be only 12 reviews of Mission Dolores?  Even the sleepiest bar in sleepy West Portal has more reviews than that.Aren't we a town full of history buffs?  Mission Dolores is SF history 101.  Literally.  It's essentially the building this city was founded on (started in 1776, finished in 1791), and it's still here.  That's right, our quake-prone, gold-rush upstart of a frontier town has a 220-year old church in it.  That alone should warrant a visit.  Plus the basilica next door, which dates from 1918, is pretty impressive as well.  And then of course the graveyard where they shot Vertigo.  Admission is only $5 and there's frequent free guided tours.I grew up in Seattle, so I learned nothing of the California missions in school, but please tell me you locals took field trips here?  I feel it's a San Franciscan's duty to know about stuff like this, so we can show those smug, east coast "Ben Franklin drank at this pub" bastards that we have history too.No really.  12?
Why doesn't anyone go here?Seriously.SERIOUSLY!!!Okay, watch out, because Supernerd is coming out in full force here...I've lived in San Francisco for less than two years, and I've been to Mission Dolores four times already. Why do stupid, fat, fanny-packed tourists from the Midwest (hey -- I can call them fat; I'm from the Midwest. I can also call Polocks dumb because I am one and Italians criminals because I'm one of those, too) want to go to crappy, smelly, Fisherman's Wharf when they can come see THIS? Fisherman's Wharf is just a great big outdoor shopping mall full of third-class crap souvenirs. They have some bad, overpriced seafood that wasn't caught or unloaded anywhere NEAR the wharf, because they haven't done that in over a CENTURY. Hell -- it's not even a "wharf."BFD. I seriously do not understand why people spend $30 for a day of parking to walk shoulder-to-shoulder with fat fanny-packers and screaming kids though THAT. Gah.I outright refuse to put that on my San Francisco Experience itinerary for out-of-town guests. Instead, I take my guests to Mission Dolores, and no one has regretted it. The original mission church itself is of course an architectural gem; it's the oldest church standing in California. Even though it's not the oldest of Father Serra's missions, none of the existing church structures pre-date this one, which has been there continuously, in one piece, since 1776. Yep -- that means it survived a lot of quakin'. And this, of course, being a state carved out by the Spanish rather than the English, is a place where the marks of Catholicism are incredibly important to the history of just about everything -- politics, trade and commerce, city planning, agriculture...But most important, this is the relatively tiny spot where the seed for the city of San Francisco -- for the whole of the Bay Area as we know it -- was planted. And here, in the tiny cemetery, are buried layer upon layer of people whose lives were entwined with the mission, from Ohlone natives drawn in and converted by Serra, whose handiwork decorates the walls and ceilings of the original church, to scores of Irish immigrants who died trying to make their fortunes during the gold rush years, to African-Americans who sought new lives and livelihoods with the railroads after the civil war...Mission Dolores represents a great amalgamation of people, time, and life... Though Serra's reasons for founding it and ALL the missions along El Camino Real were of course flawed, in our perfect, revisionist hindsight we can see it now as a melting pot, in and of itself, just like our city has grown into a melting pot on a grand scale. If you haven't been here yet, put down your bread bowl of chowder, get on the BART, and get movin'. Damn it!
I have only been here once when I was younger with my mom and dad , but as a proud neighbor(it's a stonesthrow away) I have to rep it. I just took creepy pictures of the garden from the side alley for one of my classes. I am intrigued everytime i walk by,by the gift shop and i'm always tempted to go get a santeria candle or something. the bells on sunday during masses kinda has become a calming thing for me.cons and i know this con is retarded since its purpose is for tourism, but the tourists snapping away and taking up space on the sidewalk, and the gaudy tour buses annoy me. cute school children are an exception though, they always look so stoked eating their lunch outside on the steps of the basillica. you go on mission, get your catholic on!
As previous reviewers have mentioned, the Mission Dolores is the oldest building in the city. The first mission was built in 1776, but they rebuilt it and rededicated it in 1791, according to Historic San Francisco: A Concise History and Guide. (I definitely recommend this book to any native or visitor interested in gaining an appreciation for how this beautiful city developed into what it is today. But that's a side note.)The church itself is humble but magnificent at the same time. Humbly magnificent, perhaps? The cemetery is deceptively small. I ran into an archaeologist who was working there, and he said there are probably hundreds (or maybe thousands?) of Native Americans buried in the schoolyard just over the fence. A little creepy, but as he put it..the world is one giant graveyard.It's an essential place to start at if you're taking a tour of San Francisco's historical landmarks.
I'm a cemetery fan.  Not so much in a creepy way as in a nerdy "I went to a liberal arts school and took a course on the history of death in America" way.  But maybe that's also creepy?  I love the little cemetery next to Mission Dolores.  I don't feel like explaining the nuances on Yelp.  But if you have any interest in cemeteries or even just history, you should visit this cemetery (one of the only remaining in SF proper) at least once.  If they let me get into the cemetery for free, I would spend a lot of time there.  I've definitely asked whether, if I bypassed the inside part entirely, they would waive the fee/donation/whatever it is.  They said no.  I understand.  They are probably concerned that if they let me into the cemetery for free, I would spend a lot of time there.
I cant' get over the fact that this place was first constructed the year the U.S. declared its independence.  It seems unworldly.  I love the rebuilding after the 1906 earthquake, and the baroque styles used.  I love the fact that THIS is where S.F. started.  And that freaks me out.  It's a beautiful Mission, with its high walls, crumbling cemetery, and voices of a distant and unreachable past.  I love it here, and I make it a point to stop in when I can.  It takes me back to my love of history and context, and I'm glad to be there. :)
Many mistakenly believe the large, multi-domed basilica next door is the mission, but it's the simple, whitewashed adobe structure that sits in its shadows that's actually the oldest building in San Francisco. Constructed in 1776, it's the only remaining chapel of the twenty-one established by Father Junipero Serra. The interior boasts simple pews, a hand-painted wooden cross, and a ceiling featuring designs by the Ohlone Indians, the original San Franciscans, five thousand of whom are believed to be buried in the cemetery behind the church, along with post-Gold Rush Irish immigrants and Mexican settlers.
I've been here 4 or 5 times in my life, and it still hasn't gotten old!  As a kid, I was more in awe of it, because it seemed so big. (Well, I mistakenly thought the cathedral was the old mission.)  Now I'm more into the history behind it.  You walk into the mission, and you find yourself literally standing on top of history!  (Be careful where you walk, you could be walking on someone's grave.  Check the floor engravings to be sure!)  And it's very easy to get to.  I usually take Muni to Church St. then walk from there.  I love it!
alfred hitchcock was there!!!  creepy cemetery
A funny review of an afternoon at Mission Dolores:locomotoring.net/2008/07…In have visited this mission twice in the last year and the fee has been $5 per person. I have also participated in tours arranged by the San Francisco Museum and Historical Society. They are very detailed and can be a bit slow sometimes. But they are free, and do give you a lot of background.
My friend had a sweet small wedding here and it was just classic and charming! BUT she had to study with the Catholic priest for ONE year first and at the alter had to faux-PROMISE to raise her children CAT-holics.Now you know why the Spaniards chose this banana belt area for to convert the native population...it was area with the nice sunny summer weather spot, not as heavily affected by summer evening fog.
The Mission Dolores Cemetery is one of my absolute favorite places in the city. One of the few places where you can find true peace and quiet.
this is a cozy little mission... well what's left of it...when we went, they were just starting a guided tour of the grounds so we were lucky to be able to tag along... there's always some interesting facts to learn when you're walking around and listening to the guide... like junipero sera used to walk on his two feet up and down to mexico and back... that's pretty crazy...and of course what's left of the cemetary was also used in hitchcock's 'vertigo'...i love visiting the missions in california...
If you live in the area you should really check this out.  It's so accessible (middle of the city and only $5 to get in) that you really have no excuse . . . unless you have something against history or learning or religion or something.   It's worth spending time in the basilica and the cemetery.  The folks in the gift shop are very helpful and chatty - I learned about "mission fever" from them - which is apparently what makes people want to travel to all of the missions in California.  Yeah - I bought a map - what of it?
Sometimes we forget what amazing resources we have sitting right next to us. It took me an embarrassingly long time to visit this important historical sight that I live right next to. And while I'm a little less in the dark about California Missions than I was back in fourth grade; I can now consider the enslavement and slaughter of thousands of Native Americans along with the good intentions of the Spanish Missionaries. Still I found it in no way less intriguing as I did back in the day. There is a really interesting little museum, and a surprisingly peaceful cemetary. Plus the modern day basilica is really beautiful and has that distinct smell of burning votives and lingering incense that most Cradle Catholics find comforting or revolting, and that reminds me of all the churches I love in Rome. All in all, a great way to spend 3 bucks and an hour on your way to Dolores Park.
