Great fenced-in dog park (in theory) located near Mission Bay. I just wish there were separate areas for the large and small dogs. Having a dog that is a bit reactive to small dogs (that are coddled or don't think they are dogs, if you get my drift), I have to be ultra vigilant when I come here with her. Most of the dogs are relatively mild-mannered, but you really never know what you get in terms of temperament at the dog park, and I am extra careful because of that. I've learned to time my visits so that I come a bit later in the day, which is when larger dogs/more social dogs tend to come, so that works out. But definitely know that there are some non-social dogs that come with their (somewhat) non-social owners (or the owners aren't aware/are ignorant to the pack mentality and dog temperaments in general).Still a great place if you need to let your dogs romp around and expend some extra energy. Likes:-relatively close proximity to get to if you're near SOMA/Civic Center or live in Mission Bay (walking distance) -Astro turf area-well patrolled (if you happen to stay close to closing time, you will get a verbal warning that the park is closing) Dislikes:-no separate area for small and large dogs-metered parking (so if you're driving, anticipate feeding that meter a couple quarters) -some of the smaller dogs can be somewhat non-social -two entrances (which at night, can be a bit scary if you're on the other side of the park, as it's not the best lit place)
I'd preface this review by saying that I've been to many dog parks and know scuffles are bound to happen.  When you put a good amount of dogs in an enclosed area, it can be inevitable.   It's part of going to the dog park.  It's how the owners respond that that will determine just how far it gets.   I frequent a dog park (Espirit) where I know there are a few questionable dogs, one in particular, but her owner is on it.  Right when something happens, he's on top of his dog and basically smothers her so she doesn't bite another dog.  He takes her to the side and disciplines her.  That doesn't deter me at all from going to that park because even though I don't trust all the dogs, I trust all the dog owners and that they will act quick.  That's not the case at Mission Creek. I have a 8 year Labrador who absolutely loves people.  He doesn't mind the dogs, but he grew up in a daycare where he's around 50 big dogs a day so when he's out, it's all about humans.  He was saying hello to a few owners and one of their dogs just came in and tried to attack him. I grabbed my dog and told the owner to grab his, which he didn't.  All of a sudden, every dog in the park converged on my dog and I.   All trying to attack him.   I managed to get my dog out and into the gate.  It just finished raining and I actually fell down and bruised my hip in the process. I felt a few dogs nip my arm but I had so much clothing on that I was safe.  I get out of the park myself and look back.  NOT ONE OWNER grabbed their dog. There were about 5-7 dogs at the gate growling and barking aggressively at my dog.   I thoroughly checked my dog and fortunately, not a scratch.  I checked myself and I was fine as well.  I turned and gave the owners an earful.  I see some of them smiling and I heard one "I'm sorry."   Needless to say that I won't be returning to this park.  If you love your dog, then I'd suggest you do the same.  I've talked to a few dog owners about the situation and all of them offered up similar experiences here.
I have a dog who is obviously there incarnate of Houdini himself, so in order to enjoy a dog park off leash, we have to find somewhere totally secure. This place has fences that are tall enough, double-gates, and enough room for my cocker spaniel to enjoy himself. I like that there are always enough clean up bags and people are considerate of each other. My dog loves the rare opportunity to run around unencumbered.
Our experience with this park has been mostly negative. Our dog is small, well-socialized, and confident but the space is quite small and often crowded with dogs who aren't being monitored but are definitely rambunctious and untrained. Owners here are not attentive to what their dogs are doing. On a few occasions I've had to pull other people's dogs off mine for overly aggressive play because their owners were off somewhere else. While there are some good experiences, it's highly unpredictable and the negative experiences have outweighed the positive.It's the perfect location for our weekday nights and we've gone many times as a result, but it's at best stressful and at worst dangerous.
Even with lots of dogs around, it's a good place to play basketball (1 full court and one half court nearby) or beach volleyball (full playing area with sand and a net) - just bring your own ball. The place tends to get busier around 3-6, but I find in the morning or late evening there's almost usually no one using the courts, and there is night lighting that you can turn on.
I only come here on the weekends but I never have a problem finding parking at the meters right next to the entrance. In my experience the park goers are always nice, the dogs are well behaved, and the park is clean. The only down side is that it's a bit small so dogs that just like to sniff around might get bored after 10 minutes or so.
I am writing this as a public service to small dog owners. My 7-month old Boston Terrier puppy (about 22 pounds) was attacked and bitten by a large, aggressive dog here yesterday. While it's 100% the fault of the aggressive dog and his owner (the dog came in and immediately attacked another dog, then went after my dog in the span of 30 seconds), I do think the way this dog park is setup promotes serious attacks. THERE IS NO SEPARATE PLAY AREA FOR SMALL AND LARGE DOGS. So if your small dog is attacked by a large dog the consequences can be horrible. While separate play areas won't eliminate incidents, I think it would reduce it greatly and also the potential seriousness of any fights, attacks, incidents. The first dog that was attacked was much large and was able to escape without serious injuries. I will be reconsidering if dog parks are worth it, but if we do go back to dog parks, I will make sure there is an area for smaller dogs. Hopefully someone with a small dog will read this and think twice. And I will ask the city to see if they can divide the park into separate areas.
I love this place!It's like Cheers, but for dogs and no alcohol!  It's within walking distance from my apartment, pretty much everyone; dog and human we've met here are great and friendly.  There are certain hours dog walkers come by with their party of 6, but they're great too and really get a good run going.
Cruising down the 280 King street exit... suddenly, my dog goes berserk like he just saw a dozen of cats! But there are not cats in sight, only his favorite dog parkI bring the pup here about once every 2 weeks right before his bath, for two reasons - get him tired out and allow him to get dirty. I would bring him a lot more if he wasn't pure white and didn't get dirty so easily. There are folks who bring their dogs here every day, which I agree is a good thing. If your dog gets dirty as easy as mine does, I would suggest loose leash walking around the Mission Creek neighborhood instead, that way your friend doesn't need to be hosed down afterwards!
When we adopted our second dog, Seamus, there was a period where he was just terrible off leash & we had to forgo our stand by favorites like Fort Funston & Bernal Heights for places that catered to little escape artists.Mission Creek Dog Park was just the ticket! Street parking is super easy & you don't seem to smell that terrible eggy odor that emanates in this part of town. The entire park is fenced in & has both an astro-turfed section & a longer section with gravel for running around & playing catch. It also has doggy bags available, water fountain & lots of benches.It was the perfect setting for our littlest member to get more accustomed to being off leash & work on his recall in addition to having enough space to jam around in. As parents, we enjoyed meeting new pups, their owners & seeing regulars every week. Now that Seamus is fine off leash, we haven't been in a few weeks, but I have a feeling we'll still keep it in our rotation -- especially when it starts to get more rainy as there's no dirt patches to create muddy paws!
I've brought my corgi here 2 times, and we will definitely be coming back. Beautiful neighborhood and next to tennis courts/basketball courts as well. Parking isn't too bad either. The fake turf and gravel assures that my dog will be clean for the most part. The only thing is I wish there was more shade. It can get really hot when the sun is out!
Cute, simple little dog park. This place is adequate for socializing and allowing your dogs to get some good exercise in. The space isn't very big, but suits my dog fine. Being that this location is particularly close to the water sewer treatment system, you may experience mighty fine whiffs of such byproduct. Thankfully there's usually a consistent breeze.All in all, a great place for your pooch to enjoy!
Great dog park if you don't mind 75% of the park is littered with small stones. With all the dogs running around, the area can get dusty and dirty so be sure to pat down your dog and their paws before leaving.The disposable bags are always plentiful near the two entrances and the owners and dog walkers do a good job cleaning after their dogs. Benches are available near the main entrance for you to sit and a water fountain for dogs and people is conveniently located where most of the dogs gather regularly.Parking around here is pretty bad at times and don't even get me started on the parking meters. $5 an hour?! I seriously can't stress enough how much of a robbery that is.
I love this dog park! It's a great to hang out with your dog and meet other dog owners in the neighbour hood. The majority of dogs seem to come regularly and great socialisation for the dogs too with a large mix sizes, temperaments and play time.However... I'm not giving 5 stars due to one issue that is really getting my back up and I know of at least 5 other park goers who feel the same...A guy has recently stated coming in the afternoon with his pack of bull mastiff dogs. My issue isn't with the breed as I have had large dogs myself, my issue is with him not watching his dogs and being an irresponsible owner ! Last week I counted 7 dogs including 2 pups, an un neutered male, a youngish dog about 1-1half that was antagonising other dogs causing reactions from other dogs leading to a very hostile environment where his other dogs would immediately go over. The dogs were pooping all over and weren't being picked up, one was sick on the green area behind the bench. An owner asked why his dogs weren't wearing collars and he had said it was due to people stealing them?? I immediately approached the park to alert them as i felt it was an accident waiting to happen. To be honest it made me feel very uncomfortable and worried for the safety of my dog if a situation were to occur and what I was going to do if something were to happen. I've been surrounded by dogs all my life and never like that before. Yes I appreciate he needs to walk his dogs too but do it in smaller groups, don't have your un neutered male off leash and pick up after your dogs!It really is such a great park and I think everyone should be able to enjoy it, poop free and not feel on edge for their dog and own safety.
*Small dog parents* - this park does not have separate sides for big and small dogs so your little 7lb pup is in the same area as a 70lb one. Look at the dogs playing BEFORE you ever enter the park. If there are all pit bulls and retrievers, keep on walking. Not that these breeds are bad but there is a risk that your pup will be trampled during their play. I know this first hand with my little poodle.Sometimes we get lucky and there are mostly small dogs or we schedule a play date for a certain time (usually Fridays at 2pm) for little dogs. I personally think weekends are the worst time to come because there are more visitors than nearby resident dogs. This is when I've seen the intact, aggressive males. As soon as the 2nd & Beale Street dog park opens in summer 2011, I'm saying adios to this place. The new park will have separate sides for big and little. Yay!
This park has several five star things going for it:1. Within walking distance of my office, for those great days when I bring Felix to work2. Super duper clean3. Excellent options to be in different areas of the (small) park, including being able to sit down4. Shade available under trees and a picnic table, for a hot pooch5. Pretty ok dog owners, at least when I was thereThe main reason, the most important reason (and this comes direct from Felix) why it only gets four stars, is because of the pebbles instead of sand, bark, or grass.  He hates it.  But I think it keeps things really clean.
Nice clean dog park that's gated in lovely San Francisco. Lots of open space for your little buddy to run around sniffs butts and play. The regulars here are really welcoming. My little Ranger made friends pretty quickly. I enjoyed it, ranger enjoyed it, we enjoyed it.
I don't get the complaints about this place?  If I were a dog Viking, this place would be Valhalla!  How entitled do you have to be to bitch about a dog park that's...1.  Completely fenced in2.  DOWNTOWN (ish - but still - there's no grass anywhere SOMA)3.  Clean4.  Has water AND doggie bags5.  Has great fake grass and pebble areas so your dog isn't covered in mud when it gets home6.  Tons of space7.  Other friendly dogsThe only slightly off-putting thing is you do have to tolerate a number of condo owners with "white people problems" - I don't think there was a moment when one of them weren't bitching about something insignificant going on in the neighborhood that was pretty silly.  Otherwise, it's the best dog park in the city, hands down.  Its in a great (but not obvious) location.  I can't say enough good things about it. We have our new dog park
Aren't they supposed to fix the stink at this park? Still smells like raw sewage. Plus dog walkers dropping off a million dogs in the middle of the day gets kind of old. We've been heading down to St Mary's Park in Bernal Heights- awesome dog park with tons of grass and no smelly sewage..
When looking for dog parks to take the LOOL, Nigel, the bf came across this gem. It's not often crowded - perhaps on weekends in the afternoons, and that one day there was  French bulldog meet-up - but we usually go early in the morning. We throw around a toy for Nigel to fetch, and in turn he waits for other dogs to chase him which is usually the highlight of his trip.Owners here are generally nice/friendly, and there are definitely "regulars" who all know each other and dominate the table area, but everyone has been courteous and I've never seen an owner not pick up after their dog. It's not a large dog park but it's big enough for us to throw Nigel's toy around and have him come back panting.If you're worried about the water being dirty, just dump out the bowl before your dog drinks it. Parking is metered, but there are usually spots after work and earlier in the morning. OH, bring a jacket - it gets quite chilly here when the sun goes down.
I would have given it a 5 except they do not enforce the 6 dog limit for the dog walkers who take over the park during the day, making it impossible for residents to use the park.  The walkers, especially Bark Avenue,  usually stare mindlessly into their smartphone and let the dogs run wild.  When we finally get the park back at 5, there is poop everywhere.Why can't commercial use be more limited or excluded?  They create the most wear and tear, yet they totally take over the park for the entire work day.  As they are making money, why can't they get a dog run of their own or go to more open areas?
What a wonderful little dog park.  We feel so lucky to live just a couple of blocks away.  Our labradoodle, Tigger, adores this place.  Whenever we're anywhere nearby he starts pulling towards the park.  It's clean and always well maintained, and is big enough for Tigger (who's a fairly big guy) to get a good run in.  He always leaves the park happy and exhausted (that is, if we can manage to drag him out.. he never actually wants to leave).There are a lot of awesome dogs and friendly owners that frequent this park, which makes it really fun.  It's really entertaining to watch the dogs cavort around and play with each other.  I have met a few sourpusses who get upset when dogs bark or run past them fast kicking up some gravel (if that bothers you, why exactly are you in a dog park to begin with??), but for the most part both the pooches and the people are great.Love this park.  In fact, it's a major reason we chose to live in the area and haven't yet moved out.  Thanks Mission Bay!
I was over here today, and there was a lady from the park system doing measurements on the park.  So cool!  She takes temperature readings of the gravel versus the paved path versus the wood chips to make sure it's at comfortable levels for the dogs.  Interestingly enough, the gravel is a much cooler surface than the woodchips or the paved path.  Additionally, she waters the plants and keeps things up to snuff.She also told me about their irrigation system under the gravel and how they can keep the gravel much more sanitary than a different type of material from pet waste.  Also, ticks and fleas aren't a problem in the gravel.It's very exciting to know there are so many people working so hard on keeping a cute neighborhood dog park pleasant and healthy for the doggies.
BE CAREFUL! About 3 weeks ago we saw a sign that warned of a Canine Papilloma virus, and now I think my pup is showing signs of it. The incubation period  can be up to a month.Please check your pups for little lumps around the mouth/nose/face and keep them away from dog parks. This could easily spread from throughout the city and other parks :(
Water and lots of space is supplied here, and some artificial turf areas, but mostly open dirt.  Also, has doggie bags and was not crowded at all.
We came here for an impromtu frenchie meetup (organized on Instagram). The turnout was great and we had a blast. Definitely not a fan of the little rocks. Turf area was small. Didn't like the layout of this dog park, but all in all, it did the job. Nearby bathroom was extremely clean.
Hey, just reviewing some comments here and wanted to let you know a couple things...correcting misinformation.A) Mission Creek Park is an on-leash area.     Mission Creek Dog Park on Berry near 7th Street is OFF-leashB) Kayak classes are NOT free. Please contact UCSF Outdoors Program for information on their class schedule.C) Kayak launch can be used by anyone, not just UCSF classes, but you must have your own "non-motorized watercraft" and be wearing the proper life jacket, etc. D) Please, NO alcohol in the park. Parties can be permitted at the Pavilion on Channel Street to include alcohol but it is not allowed, permitted or not, anywhere else in the park spaces throughout Mission Bay.E) Someone created this listing and said it was "Kid Friendly"? THIS IS A DOG PARK. NOT a children's park. It is not adviseable to let your child go in to any off-leash dog park alone or to "play" with the dogs. This is a dog space. Just as dogs aren't allow in playgrounds, please do not allow your child in doggie playgrounds.
This is a very clean and no-nonsense dog park. It can get pretty crowded on the weekend, but after work, is fine. We always seem to find free meter parking and my dog loves it here. She gets to run off leash and we can play catch and she gets to socialize with small and big dogs. I do wish the park was a little bit bigger so people who want to throw their ball far, can do that without trying to hit someone. There's a good variety of dogs here and most owners are very responsible for picking up after their dog. The gravel is easy for clean up, but I wish they didn't have so much of it. Regardless, this place is clean and easy to get to and what matters most is that our pooch gets her fun and exercise!
This is a nice dog park, seems very new and well kept. It's clean, fenced in all around, with two, double gated entrances, which allows you to (un)leash your dog safely upon arriving/exiting the park. Most of the park is gravel, which stays clean, and seems comfortable for the dogs. Along the long side of the park there is room for some serious running for more active dogs, while the other end of the park offers some faux grass islands and trees, some benches, even a picnic table, water fountain and poop bags and recepticles. A paved walkway meanders trthrough the park from gate to gate.There is an occasional smell lingering around the narrow end of the park, but it comes from the sewer system, not the park itself, and really doesn't seem all that disturbing. I'm glad that there is such a nice park nearby, and that it is kept so clean. I guess the proximity of CalTrain and the stench from the sewer only so many fanctions could be placed at this particular spot, but that seems to work out - why not! It's close, it's nicely planned and built, clean and safe, and the people & dogs than come here seem cool.
Quietly tucked away along the railroad tracks, this is a lovely little dog park. One of San Francisco's smallest, but it's clean, secure, and often filled with great dogs. It's big enough to play fetch with a tennis ball, but small enough to expect to share that ball with a small pack of dogs chasing along after it. There are a few benches for us humans, dog water fountain and bowl, and poop bags provided. When there are other dogs here, this is one great dog park!
This is a nice, clean park. There are a few basketball courts, a volleyball park and plenty of places to sit. It overlooks the water and is walking distance from the Mission Bay Library Branch. Even the bathrooms are clean here. It's a good place to have some outdoor fun and/or a place to sit or walk your dog. It's a bit out there though so if you're in the area, it's worth seeking out.
As many other reviewers have pointed out, the primary shortcoming of this place is the gravel surface.  When the place is dry my puppy comes home with a light coating of dust.  When it is wet he comes home totally covered and unrecognizable.  Also, the park could be slightly bigger.  On the upside, it is great to have a fenced dog park in the neighborhood and it has all the amenities you would expect: bags, water, bench.  Be aware that they are currently doing some construction next to the park so things can be a bit noisy.
My dog loves this place.People complain about the gravel. But really, i think it's just the owners that have the problem. The dogs don't seem to care. They all love it :)Its a great area to take your dog off the leash, and either play with other dogs, or throw a ball.There probably could be a little more shade, but really, the dogs should be playing or chasing, not sitting under a tree.I am here once a week, and my dog and I love every minute of it :)
I've not visited many dog parks in SF, but I'd be willing to bet that this park ranks among the best.  It's spacious, clean, fully enclosed, and located in a relatively safe area.  Water and doggy bags are available. It seems to be the park of choice for many dog walkers so you might want to consider another location during lunch. In general, however, the park is rarely overcrowded.General comment: If you're going to bring your dog here, please keep an eye on him or her. Nothing is more annoying than a distracted, cell phone-obsessed owner. Especially when that owner's dog is the one leaving treats all over the park, violating other dogs, or being overly-aggressive...you know who you are!
Used to love going here but I am going to avoid it from now on. Today I saw two dogs get into a fight and one of the owners came running across the park reeking of weed and grabbed the dog that was fighting his, and nearly KILLED IT! he grabbed the poor labrador by the collar and lifted it up shaking it violently off the ground. Then threw it back to the ground and had it in a head lock threatening to kill it! CRAAAAZY!!!! Then he started shouting at the owner of the other dog and threatened to kill him too! NO WAY am I going back there when there is a guy who could kill my little puppy if it gets into a fight with his gray cho-cho. If you have to go to this park BE CAREFUL!!! Some people just ruin it for everyone :(
I wish I could give another half star for some of the recent improvements, but it's still not quite a five star place.  They recently added a few turf areas in the park which many of the dogs and owners really seem to enjoy.  The majority is still this tiny gravel that generates lots of dust.  It's still one of the few fenced in dog parks in the city and it's great that it's walking distance to where we live.I wish there was a separate small dog section, but I realize there may not be enough room.  There is a dog park under construction on Beale Street in South Beach that should be open later this year with separate big and small dog areas, so I may be getting my wish soon.
This is a nice, enclosed gravel dog park, mainly for smaller dogs or dogs who love to chase/catch balls.  My dogs are sniffers and don't get much out of it, but it's a good option anyway.People are generally pretty friendly, and it's nice to have the benches.
Low-key place with low-drama dogs.On lunch, there's a park bench that gets great sunlight.  Perfect for absorbing some Vitamin D.There's a shaded picnic table area.People tend to pick up after their dogs, so you're unlikely to step in a land mine.  Also, the gravel helps, as the land mines aren't camouflaged by mud, sticks, and grass.The main downside is its size.  It can feel cramped, as the dogs don't have a huge area to run long and wide laps.Still, I come here several times each week.  Plus, it's down the street from Philz.  Grab your coffee before heading to the dog park.
Previous I would say three stars for the gravel.  I actually avoided this place.  My dogs did not really run here but they would run on grass.The gravel and dust would get them really dirtyRecently they put down artificial grass around trees and and a back area.Plan to go back tomorrow.  I wish they pur a little more down and hopefully in the future.  A great Improvement.
I had a hard time getting to this place (it's not that visable from 7th street) but i did finally find it by going the long way around the tracks - townsend to 4th, right on Berry and go 3 blocks.  if i had just stayed on 7th and driven past berry street, i would have found the street that borders the park - make a left at the light right past berry going towards Carolina across from the storage place.this is a cute park, with mostly pea-sized gravel and some bushes along it's border and a spattering of small trees for those pups who have to have a tree to pee on.  it's a fenced park, there are 2 double-gated entrances, a water fountain w/ attached bowl (button is on the back), and free poop bags.  it must be adjacent to a sewage treatment plant or something because you can hear water moving under a grate at the far end of the park and there is quite a stench, but i would say 85% of the park smells fine.  and despite it being right next to the freeway and train tracks, it's pretty quiet and secluded from the wind.Yogi has tiny spindely paws and isn't a huge fan of the gravel, but i know it's easier to maintain a gravel park than a grassy park, and i gather fleas and ticks don't stick around in there, so i understand.  he still walks gingerly on the gravel, runs along the paved walkway, and takes pleasure peeing on the shrubs along the way,  someone comes daily to maintain the park, and there is a section that is off limits while the new plants take off, so it's it pretty nice shape.  the dogpark is adjacent to a tennis court, basketball court, and a grassy park w/ picnic tables - they even have bathrooms (2 stalls, very clean!).  whoever developed this area did a really nice job.parking is ok, you may have to walk a little, and don't park on the stretch of street right next to the park on berry - signs say no parking for about a city block and i heard despite it's remoteness, the metermaids do come by and ticket that street.  there's no reason that i can tell why you can't park there except so the city can make more money on parking tickets.  we'll definitely come back.  if you're looking for a fenced in park (and there aren't that many in SF) this is a good one.
It's to be able to walk across the street and visit the dog park while catching some sun rays. The dogs and their owners will play and get exercise and meet other people in the park. There are a few benches for those who want to sit and take in the activities. Please be dog acceptable as some will approach you to say hi. Respect the pet and it's owner and please respect the park. They're two gates on each side of the park and two gates per entrance. Their are also doggy small trash bags available to pick up any doggy litter.
Dusty but a nice little place to run. All gravel so don't wear flip flops. There is also a nice walk along the creek. NO PARKING THOUGH. Make sure you don't go on a game day. Mostly small dogs.
Dog Heaven! perfect place for my puppy to get his "dog on". For some reason this place has one of the best weather in The City...love it...meeting fellow puppy parents...it's gated has a bench and table to sit and watch your beloved Fido. The security staff has a regular schedule to stop by and check in to see if everything is ok. Staff is excellent, friendly!Also, has brand new bathroom - new and clean. LOVE IT! Shhhhhh keep our little secret!
Mission Creek dog park is fun and the regulars are very friendly! My dog loves this park and we so appreciate a place for her to exercise. This park is normally the warmest, sunniest place in the neighborhood. Most visitors are pretty good about clean up and most dog walkers keep close watch over their dogs. I can count my bad experiences on one hand and we've been going there most days of the week since January. So grateful for this dog park!
Mission Creek Dog Park is a little slice of heaven in the big city for my newly adopted little guy, Syler.  With all the hustle and bustle of much of South of Market, we've found this little gem to romp around in without worrying about getting hit by cars or bicycles.  There are some nicely placed trees to sniff in one corner of the gravel park, free poop bags to pick up after they've found the perfect spot, and a doggie drinking fountain to replenish after they catch their breath.What better way to get a good nights rest, than to run around the park with your friends?
It's an efficient dog park and it's close to me so I make good use of it on the weekends mostly. It's been plagued by draining issues the past year or so but as of this weekend their trying to fix that. They've made some nice changes/upgrades over the past year. There's some trees so parents as well as dogs can get some shade on the very rare warm SF day. Parents are nice and generally keep their dogs in check when they get out of hand. But for the most part the overwhelming majority of the dogs get along well, big and small, young and old. Some people complain about the gravel but it allows the cleaning crew to do a good job of cleaning and park doesn't get trashed if it were dirt or grass.
I have mixed feelings about this dog park.  It's great to have an enclosed dog park nearby and I can appreciate the use of gravel instead of grass.  However, each time I bring my dog there, he will quickly do his business on the gravel and then spend the rest of the time exploring the bushes and shrubs.  Maybe he's just used to grass? I'm still not sure.  Pros: It's enclosed, clean, quiet, off the beaten path, and has poop bags for you.  Cons: The gravel is not the most appealing surface for my dog and there isn't any parking (if you need it).
Awesome Awesome dog park, you won't be disappointed!!! It's enough space for SF and it's WELL-GATED...This is a dog park, not a kid's park so don't expect to bring your kids too to get entertained because they won't.  Perfect spot!!! :)
The hounds love this place. If you are looking for a CLEAN dog park, this is a great option. The dogs that come here are usually the non-aggressive types so it's a good option of you have smaller dogs or puppies too. There are lots of condos around so there are lots of small to medium size dogs. There is a nice faux grass area for the pups to roll around on and the ground covering is gravel in the rest of the park. There are a couple of tree islands with the faux grass so the pups can rest in the shade between play sessions. There is a nice water fountain for the dogs which doesn't get messy because it's on concrete. Hooray!!! no muddy paws. Poop bags are available so please use them.
Finally found this place today and glad I did! If you're walking there for the first time, don't be fooled by using the Google Maps walking directions. I used it and went down to 7th and Berry and and found myself on the other side of the train tracks where there is no opening to the side you want to be on. Should go down 4th street to Berry and walk to 7th for the most pleasant//clean walking route not to mention you won't get stuck on the other side of the train tracks and have to walk back! As for the park itself, I am very pleased to have found such a clean fenced in dog park for my frenchie to play in! She loves playing ball there and there's enough room to throw the ball 30-40 feet away and have her play fetch.  They have water bowls for the dogs and a couple benches for owners to sit. It is a hot day today and the few trees were a great shade for the dogs though it would be nice to have more shaded areas on days like today. Overall, I give this place 4 stars for being the only official off leash park in SOMA for city dogs to run free. Not 5 stars because it's confusing to find, no signs either, and could be bigger. Also the gravel doesn't bother my dog nor me!
My dogs dig this park!  The gravel is great.  It helps tire my doggies out faster than grass, sort of like sand.  The other side is filled with what we call "the jungle" of various shrubs and greenery and the doggies love zig-zagging through it and chasing each other.  All in all, a great place for dogs to run.  Water and doggie doo bags are provided if you didn't bring your own.  There is easy parking and relatively beautiful surroundings that are great to walk around prior to or after having fun at the dog area!  Only complaint would be the sewage smell that wafts through the area every once in awhile but I guess beggars can't be choosers.
Murphy made lot's of friends here. So I'm a fan.Fenced doggy park. Gravel in the middle. and Muddy planters where the dogs can play hide and seek from each other. Cute. But Murphy was dirty afterwards. I'd do it again.
Now that they have parking meters, parking is very seldom a problem.  It costs very little to park and is free after 6 PM.  I can almost always find a parking place.  The double gated entrances (two) make it a safe place to enter and exit.  They keep it really clean.  Some dogs love the gravel and others don't mind it.  For those who do mind the gravel, they have installed artificial turf with special installation to keep it sanitary.  They wash it down every day and most owners are very responsible about picking up their own dogs waste ane even unclaimed waste.  Great bunch of woners who are responsible and knowledgeable.  The owners are willing to share with new owners.  Friendly, My dogs adore it.  The dogs who frequent the park seem to have established friends, but are willing to accept new friends.  I have been coming here for 4 years and have seen very few incidents.  Responsible owners.I only wish it opened earlier, i.e. 6 AM.
I get the fact that they use gravel because it is cheaper and easier to maintain than grass, but come on that is lame. A dog park should have grass. I'd rather take my dog to the park behind the ballpark where she can run and play off leash, on grass, with areas of shade. Plus there is a doggie water fountain around the corner and places for the owners to sit and hang out.Nice thought, but not that great.
This dog park is great. Fenced in, large, clean, and gravel. Your dog will be so happy to play here! Ours made a new friend and worked a lot harder running in the pebbles!
Dogs that play seem fine with the gravel, but my dogs like to run and chase the ball for exercise.  While they happily will run on grass, wood chips, and even concrete, they will not run on this gravel.  For all the assurances by park personnel that it is fine, I think my dogs probably know better.  And the mission bay park staff harasses dog owners who try to run their dogs in any other part of the mission bay park area, even on a rainy day when no other park users are to be found and even if they are within voice control.  Today a park employee repeatedly photographed me and then proceeded to follow me down the street and across an intersection on his park issued cycle.   This is intimidating and isn't appropriate behavior for a city employee.   Given the rapidly expanding community, either the existing rules need to be changed or there immediately need to be more options for dog owners in this area.  The park service is not meeting residents' needs and should exercise control over the inappropriate conduct of its staff.
Roscoe has been here a few times playing with his favorite maltese friend, Rupert. They have fun running around the gravel and digging a little. Roscoe generally likes to hide under/ behind the bench while checking out the other dogs at play. I would have liked to see this park be all grass but reading another review I can sort of understand why gravel/ pebble was preferred. Roscoe didnt really seemed bothered by the gravel and he did get a little dusty from it.
*Correction, it's not an indoor dog park but a outdoor and gated dog park.
My dog loves this park. It's a little saddening that people have reviewed this dog park down to a 1-star (oh Yelp, *sigh*) and at the same time blamed their dogs for 'not liking the gravel'. The gravel is a surface that tires your dog out as it plays, which is often with others if you arrive in the evenings around 5:45pm or onwards and on the weekends at about 9:30am and onwards. The gravel is also a pee draining surface. These are the design goals, and they are commended by the owner of our fine neighbourhood daycare K9 Playtime, and the dogs I know who go there have no problem with it. Their owners on the other hand, are another story. Nevertheless, it's a fantastic dogpark that's completely safe for off-leash play, there's many local dogs that frequent it, and if you want to meet more including my dog and Jason B's dog, go here to register with the SOMA Dog Club and participate in your neighbourhood's canine social activities!  somadogs.ning.com/?xgi=5…
OK so it is a bit hard to find initially just like everyone else has mentioned aaand it does smell kinda poopy...... but once you get there and find parking and walk to the park, you are pretty used to the poopy smell and you realize that mission park is a cute little park oasis under the freeway. The dog park is good for the muddy times of year, since it is gravel. Not much shade and it does get kinda warm over in this area of town, no shade means the gravel can get a bit hot on those warmer days. there is only ONE bench in the dog park area which is kinda silly. The park is a nice small park for smaller dogs. As for lucy.....she didnt care for the park the first time we went, I think she was feeling a little under the weather, but the second time she was in little doggy heaven! She made some new friends and ran into a pal from NOW PLAYING DOGGY DAY CARE. so now we are all about it,this has now become a regular park for us to visit.
i feel like every time i pass by this place in the mornings, the park is either getting a sweep or a hose down or both. meaning this place is clean. there are dogs here from dawn to dusk. it's big enough that your little one can run around and get a good workout. the only thing i hear people complain about is the fact that it doesn't have designated areas for small/big dogs. i can see why it would be a concern. i don't own a dog, but the bf does and his dog is small/medium sized. he has to constantly monitor him when big big dogs are around. it can get a bit stressful.
It's nice that the park is closed so you can get the dog off the leash.  But the canalization smell???  It makes me wonder where that water comes from that my dog is drinking...
i really like this dog park. we goes here almost three times a week. but after my dog paws hand got dry out and bleeding from small rock. now  i need to find another dog park for her to go
I am happy there is a dog park in the neighborhood these days. This one is a bit disappointing as they really did not think everything through when they decided to build it.  They have gravel that cuts up my dogs feet and the dust that the gravel kicks up makes me cough never mind the dogs. I wish they had used grass or wood chips at a minimum.   Not thrilled but better than nothing.
I was excited to learn about this dog park, as it is one of the few parks in the city that is entirely closed in, and Mission Creek Park as a whole is really nicely done.  However, the very first day I brought my dog here, he came home with four bloody paws!!!! Granted, he is an active young border collie and tore it up chasing trains and other dogs in the gravel for an hour....but still....it seems the gravel got in between the pads of his paws and badly scratched and bruised the insides of his paws. I found little particles of gravel stuck to his wounds, and he was none too happy about me having to pick them out and then try to sanitize his feet. The next day he was barely able to walk and has been licking his paws rather pathetically for a week. I am sad to say we probably won't be back unless I invest in some doggie running shoes. Anyone know another entirely gated park in the city?
