Great place - nice for pickup basketball. Sometimes hard to find the right number of people to play with but I've gone onto unofficialchat.slack.com under the #marinabball channel to find people to play with and it's worked out!
Court is smaller than usual, but there's decent competition on most days of the week.
How's that Barbara Streisand song go... Memories, light the corners of my mind... Located in the scenic Marina District, this park embodies the many life changes in my life. From being a grade school tot to aging athlete(?! who am I fooling), this park witnessed my pains, triumphs, happiness, and sadness. Here's a quick summary: Highlights: a) Playing our team's first playoff game, after getting trounced for many years. b) Winning the Men's Open BB championship and finally making it to A-Ball! c) Hitting a called home run in a coed game after the other four consecutive guys also hit home runs. Lowlights: a) Getting my first fat lip from a foul tip while catching in a pickup game at age eleven (Duh... that's why catchers wear masks?!). b) Tearing a ligament in my left foot when stepping in a sprinkler hole, wearing my cleats. This park also has tennis courts, a small indoor gymnasium, clubhouse room (table tennis, etc.), three softball diamonds, one baseball diamond (mostly high school games), an asphalt basketball court (outdoors), and small playground area. There are stands and bleachers on each field for the comfort of the players and audience.  The fields are very well kept, evidenced by many playoff and championship games being played here.  Parking can sometimes be tricky if there are events or functions being held in the Marina or Fort Mason. Nestled in the Marina District, safety is normally not an issue here. From being a young tyke thinking that he was invincible, I became a realist that there are limits in life. But so far, it certainly has been a fun ride!
From Wikipedia: "The park has been a favorite of San Franciscans since its inception in the 1920s. Joe Dimaggio took Marilyn Monroe on a stroll at the park in the hours prior to their marriage at City Hall. Robin Williams, Danielle Steele and Sharon Stone were known to take their small children to the park without fear of paparazzi."I am known to play at the tennis courts here on occasion.  Also without fear of paparazzi... and more importantly, of the homeless.  After brunch at the Brixton, we came to the park to scope out dogs (a strange but thoroughly enjoyable pastime for me and my friend).Neither of us had been inside the rec center though, which looked like it could be a modest weekend villa.  We checked it out and shot a few baskets with a nearby ball.  The gym inside is in great condition.
Wednesday night yoga with Dimitra is fun and challenging. She brings a strengthening element to her practice that I appreciate. Go check it out.
Good park for hanging out with the family on the weekend. If you can find parking or live nearby of course. The playground is clean and safe. The library is right next door so there are options. Not to mention all the space for running around. I recommend it.
Ah winter Ultimate Frisbee under the lights.A beautiful setting combined with flying plastic. The best!Seasonal winter pickup games Wed: 7pm-9pmIf you are looking for other ultimate pickup games around San Francisco Bay area as well as California check out:ultimatefieldlocator.info7 on the line!Cheers,Gumboeater
The indoor basketball courts are open for pick up basketball Mondays and Wednesdays.  On Wednesdays it can get quite crowded but they do turn on the scoreboard and play 12 minute games.  This is the best public place to play basketball that I have found so far in the city.  Though i would be welcome to hear any suggestions that offer more days of the week.
FROM CITY GUIDE:Moscone Recreation Center is a park located between Chestnut Street and Bay Street, Laguna Street and Webster Street in San Francisco's Marina District.Formerly known as Funston Park, the area was renamed in honor of slain political figure George Moscone.This flat four-block park contains four baseball diamonds, two groups of tennis courts, two basketball court areas, a gymnasium, two putting greens, and a playground. The park has been a favorite of San Franciscans since its inception in the 1920's. Joe DiMaggio took Marilyn Monroe on a stroll at the park in the hours prior to their marriage at City Hall. Robin Williams, Danielle Steele, and Sharon Stone were known to take their small children to the park without fear of paparazzi.MY REVIEW:I love this place. I'd say it's on the border of Marina and Pacific Heights neighborhood. Furthermore it's been one of my favorite parks since childhood and even up until now. I love how spacious and open this park is and how many facilities it has. I've even played basketball next door at the Marina Middle school which some say is a mile long if you walk it in a circle. But Moscone is serene and refreshing. At night when the lights are on for the baseball diamonds you can see from the distance, perhaps in a nearby neighborhood, the tranquil splendor of the hazy bright light shining that breeds a special wonder and sweet feeling that this is truly a "Field of Dreams." That is what I call it, the field of dreams, because this place possesses a certain true magic that's nostalgic of my adolescence. I've had many memories from school field trips to playing catch with my dad here. If you're ever around the area come for a visit and maybe have a picnic in the fields on a warm afternoon. There's a Safeway a block away, Chestnut street nearby, Fort point, and Muni borders around. Most especially recognized is the newly renovated Library facility, it's beautiful and modern. The whole area is clean for the most part and they even have putting ranges! You won't regret coming here.
