Every time I am in San Francisco I find myself on the pier/park.  It may be slowly crumbling away but the views make for great pictures.  There are often people fishing, sitting and taking in the views.   Who can blame them?  It is just  amazing.  I like to look back to town,  and out to the Golden Gate Bridge.  Its great for boat watching and  just taking it all in.  its always less crowded then the rest of the area.    I hope they fix it up large parts are fenced off due to the condition of the structure.Tip, bring your lunch and have a picnic.
Great day to spend in the city with my brother, Paul and girlfriend, Danielle! Started off by taking Bart from East Bat to the Embarcadero. Highly recommend this place!
CRABBING REVIEWI came here Saturday around 3:30. Parking is free around there but it pretty tough. We were lucky to have snagged a spot but good luck. The season for crabbing starts around December and ends around June or July or something so it was fine. I was there until 7:30 and others did catch crabs so timing was fine. Here is what I have gathered from crabbing:1) Equipment: net with bait box and rope ($18 at Asian fishing store and the rope they provide should be long enough so that it reaches the bottom of the water), bait (chicken drum sticks or mackerel or whatever you please but I read that chicken will entice them more since its different. I would get like 12 drumsticks because trial and error will leave some falling out of your bait cage or the sea lions eating them), gloves to deal with the raw meat, sturdy gloves to pull the rope (I didnt have gloves and now my hands are sore). Arrive at the pier and tie the rope down to the cement. You will see holes that you can use to tie into. Bring a bucket or container 2) You can crab at municipial piers including this one and Pacifica Pier. If it isnt one of these public piers, you will get fined. You do not need a permit for the public ones which is coo. You will see fishers around you too. 3) This place is open from dusk til dawn.4) You cannot catch dungeness crabs here or you will get fined 1K. Also if you catch those tinier red crabs, they have to be bigger than 4 or 5 inches. If not, you have to let those babies back in the water5) Sea lions will attack your bait so watch carefully when you drop it in cuz those puppies will attack. Make sure your bait cage is secured. 6) You are supposed to let the net chill at the bottom of the water and not pull out so quickly all the time twss. Patience is key but it is so damn difficult when other groups catch so many crabs. Others had more nets but it is easier to just manage one.7) It gets cold so make sure to pack warm clothes and SANITIZER. So nasty to touch meat and your phone and all that. Bring a boombox or speakers to listen to music cuz you be chilling out there for a while. You can pack drinks or food but just be careful when you touch stuff and your net. 8) My net had a flotation device and others did not have it and were able to catch tons. I really think I need to get rid of my floater so it can touch the bottom and I can finally catch crabs. I will be back! This is interesting thing to do since not many people crab and you get free food from it. It is a fun experience with your friends or family so might as well try it and cook the goods after.
Nice.Bare.Fishing.Looking.Bring a sweater.Meh.Not as nice as Hyde Street pier.Pretty chill.Low tourists.Under construction.
Love this pier! I gotta go at least once or more every year. Went one time in June, another time in August, and going again this Saturday (9/5). I go crabbing with my family. It's always fun! Only thing that sucks is that there are no restrooms nearby the pier.
This pier is all about the view.  You can see sweeping views of the bay, Ghiradelli, Hyde Street Pier,  Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge from here.  The pier itself is in disrepair and far from picturesque.  There is crumbling concrete,  the building at the end is boarded up and half the pier is fenced off.   A lot of people come here to fish and crab so a lot of trash and bait parts end up on the walking path.  Taking Dungeness Crab is illegal but other crabs are okay.  A lot of people will also include this in their jogging route as well.  During weekends and holidays the parking lot can be full but it's free for up to 4 hours  so it's worth waiting for (there is quite a bit of turnover too).
This is my bro's go-to place to go crabbing. We caught 1 legal red crab within an hour...not too many crabbers or fishers when we went.DON'T STEAL DUNGENESS CRABS!!!!!!! It's a pet peeve of mine when people do it without a license. People are watching I tell you, people are watching.4 hour parking around, not bad & it wasn't very hard to find parking on a Friday around 6PM.This area is filled with runners, tourists on segways, tourists on feet, bikers, & fellow crabbers. Other than that, this place is relatively quite.Views of Ghirardelli Square, Alcatraz, swimmers, & a distantly foggy Golden Gate Bridge...This place looks run down & some parts smell like urine yuck. Other than that, they have benches with back support & high enough to block the wind.
My love affair with San Francisco Landmarks continues with the Municipal Pier here at the western edge of Fisherman's Wharf, at the tip of Aquatic Park.  yelp.com/biz_photos/EJg0…yelp.com/biz_photos/EJg0…Not many folks know about this Pier as they mostly stick with Pier 39, Hyde Street Pier, and Aquatic Park, but venture to the western-most part of the Wharf, and you'll find the best view of the Bay from land.  Municipal Pier extends quite far into the Bay, and curves out for the best views of both the Golden Gate Bridge on your right and Alcatraz straight ahead of you.I like the pier for its views and for the proximity to Crissy Field so it's awesome to finish your jog or walk running to the end of the Pier.  A must see for awesome views of the Bay when at the Wharf, for both locals and visitors alike.
Unfortunately, I can't say the same thing about the Municipal Pier anymore as many have said before this due to some new changes in policies.For what it's worth, the Municipal pier has a great view of Ghirardelli Square and it's very pretty and not as well lit at night so you can see city lights. Also, it's very long, curves around and goes towards the middle of the bay so it would make sense to fish there since you would probably have great luck. However, you can't really legally see these things anymore since they recently changed the policy to open from Dawn to Dust ONLY. Yeup, that's right! The SFPD that came to kick us out after our failed crabbing adventure and encounter with a devious seal confirmed that it is official; they are no longer open 24 hours. They will not allow you to fish, crab or even take a nice walk out at night. Go find your jollies elsewhere I guess ...Poop.
As part of the Aquatic Park Historic District, this curved pier command beautiful, scenic views of the Golden Gate, Aquatic Park and that famous SF skyline.  During Fleet Week, you can join many spectators during the Parade of Boats here (or back @ the viewing stairs of Aquatic Park.)  Four of your five senses will awaken;  you'll feel the feisty winds, hear the surf crashing, see the sea gulls hovering over like huge albatrosses foraging for food, and smell the salty sea air.  Even with the crowds, it can be calming.However, this pier, like many of those along the coast, is in serious decline, with crumbling concrete posts, cheaply boarded up areas to prevent falls, uncomfortable benches with poor views, and an ugly iron fence to protect visitors from the unsafe western portions of the pier.  What does this pier needs?  The same kind of sea worthy but classic design that the Washington Street Pier/Pier 1 currently has.  But since it's been a historically declared landmark since 1987 and that all municipalities severely lack public works funds, this pier will continue to disintegrate and at some point become completely unusable.  San Francisco deserves to enjoy her historic waterfront areas safely and proudly.
Great view of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. Watch out for the birds!
What is 1,850 feet long, hard as concrete and always glad to see you?Why, the Municipal Pier, of course. If you're looking for the most dramatic ground-level view of the bay, this is the place to stroll on a sunny day. It's a great vantage point for the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz and Angel Island, but more importantly, for special events like the elaborate boat regattas, Fleet Week activities like the Blue Angels zooming overhead, and when she passes into port, the Queen Mary II.You sure can't beat the price...it's free. And if you get a strong whiff of the perch being caught by the locals, it's just part of the atmosphere. So are the gamey concrete benches which you should cover with a newspaper if you plan on sitting for a spell. You can often spot seals taking a few laps from Pier 39 or even the occasional polar-bear swimmer.Ideally located at the very end of Van Ness, it's an easy stroll over the hill to Fort Mason and the Marina and just as easy to get to Fisherman's Wharf in the other direction. I never hang out at the rocky beach a Aquatic Park, and the Maritime Museum is closed until 2009 (!). So I just come here with my random thoughts and contemplate the beauty that is San Francisco.
YES!  I will set up a future UYE for Crab Hunting this Summer!!!  Thanks for all your responses!    ==============================================This is for Rock Crab Hunting.Since 1999, I've been hunting for rock crab at the Municipal Pier.    Filling up the buckets and taking home an average amount of 15-20 crabs.    I'm not always lucky.  There are several trips where we caught 5 or nothing at all.   It's a gamble.    Last month on 06/28/08, Jonathan and I ventured out to the Municipal Pier.     This was a late night hunt that starts at 10:00pm and ended at  2:00am.     Crabbing is done at night.  Why?   That's the nature of the hunt.    Yes, its dark.  Its cold.  But that's what makes it all exciting - changing your every day environment to obtain a goal.    On this night, we scored four rock crabs.    Enough for the both of us, but worth the time bonding.    That's another beauty about being on the pier with your family and buddies - spending time talking, drinking, hanging out, and sharing great stories. The Hunt for Rock CrabsThe Gear:  Crab net, 50' rope, chicken bone or salmon heads for bait, cooler / bucket for crab, and folding chairs.   Your net is tied to the pier and the net with the bait is thrown over the pier into the dark murky water.   We use a bait trap and cable ties to secure our bait.   The average wait time is 25-30 minutes.    Pulling up the crab net is the exciting part.  You don't know what you're going to catch.    Keep in mind that Dungeness Crabs are illegal.    Why?   It's a State Law.From Department of Fish & Game:dfg.ca.gov/marine/mapreg…"All crabs of the genus Cancer except Dungeness crabs, but including: yellow crabs, rock crabs, red crabs, and slender crabs are open all year with a limit of 35 crabs. Minimum size is four inches measured by the shortest distance through the body, from edge of shell to edge of shell at the widest part. No undersize crabs may be placed in any type of receiver, kept on the person or retained in any person's possession or under his direct control; all crabs shall be measured immediately and any undersize crabs shall be released immediately into the water.  Dungeness crabs (Cancer magister) may not be taken or possessed while fishing in San Francisco and San Pablo bays at any time.  Updated June 2008:  The Fine is $1000.00 per person."What to Bring to the Pier for Crabbing:  Dress warm, folding chairs, flashlights, tongs (to pick the crabs off your net), coolers with drinks (avoid alcohol, the Sheriffs are patrolling), snacks, hand sanitizers, and great company.    Don't bring friends that have no patience for hunting.   I can't stand them.   Also, bring large trash bags to store your crab nets and rope.   You wouldn't want sea water spills inside your vehicle.     Keeping a bag full of ice in the vehicle is a great idea to keep your crab fresh.What to expect at the Pier:  It's going to be dirty of there.   Dress for the outdoors.  There's no food stands or restroom facilities.    Just an open pier with one porta-pottie.    Lighting is very minimal at the pier.   Don't bring young children.  It's dangerous to have them wander around the pier at night.Parking:  Free parking at the front entryway of the pier.   It's limited so plan accordingly.   NOTE: Department of Fish & Game is on patrol.  On this night, Jonathan and I were stopped for 25 minutes for inspection.   We were clean so we had nothing to worry about.   They checked our coolers and asked us to get out of the vehicle for inspection.   They searched our bags and inside vehicle.    No problems but they are out there to enforce.  Remember, taking dungeness crab is $1000.00 per person.Seals:This pier is notorious for seals.    Pull up your nets when you see or hear the seals.    They will pull apart your nets and steal your bait and crab.
I have seen this cement arm jutting into the bay every time I am at Pier 39 or having lunch in the wharf area. I finally made the push to walk out to it when I was visiting the boats at Hyde Street Pier. After all, what's another 1/2 mile+ walk? OMG - the views !!  You just don't get any better unless you are in a boat. I took some lovely photos of Ghiradelli Square and the cityline that included the Pyramid building. Lovely shots of the GG bridge though you can get those from so many other areas. However this is about as close as you can get and almost be "in the bay". Everyone was enjoying themselves. Fishermen, crabbers, joggers, walked, old folks, young folks, kids, etc. Everyone was out and enjoying the pier. I hope someone can tell me what the round cement building was at the end. It looked like they sold stuff at one time. But there were not signs to tell me. Seriously, anyone that wants a free venue to see awesome views and walk a lovely walk is highly encouraged to visit. I took some of the most awesome photos here.
Firstly this is the best place to absorb San Francisco. Its easily accessible and its rater close the the city. This place is a photographers delight. I can say first hand, I got some really awesome pictures here both during the day and at night. Awesome for views of Ghirardelli Square at night, the Golden Gate Bridge in the afternoon and the bay bridge in the distance. It is slightly isolated so its peaceful and away from the tourist buzz, but its close enough to fisherman's wharf and the Powell-Hyde cable car final stop.
This pier makes for a nice slow walk, pausing to check the change in scenery in all directions every few moments.   Locals can be found here walking, jogging, or fishing, while tourists are eager to snap shots of the skylines, Alcatraz, and the bridges.   Several cement benches serve as chill spots along along the way.  Signs are posted warning you not to take crabs with you, though none were spotted.  Fires and barbecues also not allowed.  At the very tip is a circular cement building which cemented in windows and doors, which must have served as a concession stand in the past.   Certainly worth a trip if you're on Fisherman's Wharf.
The place to go for crabbing in sf! Chicken and squid are the baits of choice. If you catch a dungenous crab its illegal but the red rock crabs you can keep. Just remember to get a net that is either caged or has a cover as seals will eat your bait in no time. It also near ghirardelli square. It can get cold here so bring a jacket or two. Its also closed from after sunset until sunrise so plan accordingly.heres a simple guide to crabbing! heff.net/crabbing
ATMOSPHERE:Chill place to sit around, great view of the Bay, the City skyline spanning left to right ending with lit up Ghirradeli Square sign. Like a pier that goes into the water, some benches conveniently placed along it. The edge of it, to the right, also has some steps to sit at. Which would also be a good place to chill, pack a picnic, enjoy the scene, enjoy the water edge.
Really nice walk. Along with Fort Mason, this has one of the best views of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz. You can also get Ghirardelli Square, the Maritime Museum, the Transamerica Pyramid, and Coit Tower in one picture.
5 stars to this place for providing me with many scenic sunsets as well as crab dinners. This is pretty much my go to spot for crabbin in the city as it's the closest spot to my house and has been good to me pretty much every time I've gone out. Just go pick up some chicken to use for bait, some ice & a 12 pack of PBR's and your set for a day out on the pier. A couple hours later for the cost of some cheap chicken wings you'll (hopefully) have a crab bounty big enough for you and some friends. Just don't keep the dungeness crab (the lighter shaded guys) because they'll slap a thousand dollar fine on you per crab, as well as making you throw em back! Happy crabbin :-]
This place is beautiful and gorgeous to go to for a walk/run anytime in the day. I used to go here all the time in the morning for my walks; walk out to the end of the pier and you'll get a great view of the city, Alcatraz, Golden Gate Bridge, and more. The best thing about this place: completely free. Only downside....apparently the pier is getting a little old/unstable, so be cautious of how stable the ground is.
I have to say, first time crabbing in SF was awesome!Honestly this place is super chill and just a good place to hangout with a bunch of friends while crabbing.  My friend and I got here and we actually had forgotten to bring bait so we were kind of stuck on where to get some.  Well this couple that was just down a little ways from us were really nice.  They gave us tips on where to crab and to stay away from the deeper end because of the sea lions.  And while we were getting our stuff together, as they were leaving they asked if we wanted their left over bait that they hadn't used.  Wooohooo! no need for us to buy bait anymore.  But anyway there's really no downside to crabbing here, we caught 7 and actually threw them back since they were just a little small of what was legal.  Other than there's a lot of tourists, joggers, and walkers that span the pier, this place is really cool and chill. I highly recommend it for newbie crabbers. You will catch a crab no matter the size, it's still a CATCH!
This, being my 100th review, will be non-climactic. But I've chosen to review a random local attraction that now holds a recent, romantic sentiment....  the municipal pier of Aquatic Park in San Francisco's Maritime National Historic Park (according to google maps)...If you take the time to read this story, you're obligated by the holy spirit to emulate it. So if you're not ready to have one of the most cheap, romantic dates of your life, than just leave this review. After dinner, I packed a timbuk2 with a nice bottle of Cakebread Sauvignon Blanc, a cork screw, and two red cups. We were looking for a place to enjoy the bottle, and I thought Aquatic Park would be a great place to sip the Sauvignon, listen to the tide, and smell the sea. Too bad aquatic park is undergoing a face-lift and it's ugly.... We kept walking and ended up heading onto the pier, which is open from dusk to dawn (according to my dyslexia). Embarking onto the pier at night is pretty scary, but we knew we were safe as we entered the premises, because - as my partner in crime pointed out - the only other visitors were groups of potheads embarking on the pier with their satchels and dreads... and let's be real, potheads are harmless. Here's the most violent of a situation he could brainstorm happening on the pier at 11pm on a Wednesday with a bunch of stoners:Them: hey.Us: hey.Them: how's it going?Us: good. you?Them: niiiiiiice.::awkward silence::Them: sup?Us: just going for a walk.::awkward silence::Them: you guys smoke out? Us: ::giggles::So, that didn't happen, but knowing that's all that could happen set our souls at ease. The great thing about the pier is that it smells like the sea, it sounds like the sea, and it looks like the quintessential San Francisco Post Card.Last night must've been perfection. No winds. Warm spring night. Not a cloud in the clear, dark skies. And picture this:From the left, alcatraz. The lighthouse spinning the signal lightThe Oakland-Bay bridge fully lit. Coit Tower glistening atop the hill.Downtown bright and shining. In the middle, the Trans-America building. Center is fishermans warfGhiradelli square looking perfect. The Presidio and freeway running along.To the right, the golden Gate Bridge bright orange before the limitless horizon!Oh, it was beautiful. Orgasmic. A MUST DO for the urban lovers. ::POP:: goes the cork::POUR:: goes the wine::CHUG:: goes our glasses::WOOSH:: goes the alcohol in our blood rushing through our hearts and straight to our heads getting lighter and lighter::SPLISH SPLASH:: go the ducks::HELLO:: goes the lone Sea Lion (I named him Chester) who literally wades and stares at us for 10-minutes. 10-minutes. 10-minutes. He's huge, he's attractive, and he makes me want to jump in and do it like they do on the discovery channel!So, we're buzzed. Talking for hours. Walking the pier. Staring at the city light skyline... I didn't want to leave. In fact, I followed. I didn't lead as we exited the pier and walked back... time flew by so quick yet so perfectly slow! Oh, how I recommend you do the same. ::SIGH::
When I need to add a little distance onto my run from the Ferry Building, I'll run to the end of the pier and back.  The actual pier isn't very pretty, but from it you can see everything: GG Bridge, Angel Island, Alcatraz, crazy swimmers at the Aquatic Center.  There are always people crabbing on the pier and it's fun to watch when there's a catch...I think there are signs saying no crabbing though.  I didn't realize how romantic the pier could be until today when I saw 3 couples (all different ages and ethnic backgrounds) making out all at the same time in different spots.  Hopefully my running buddy doesn't get any fresh ideas...
So, I'm running along through all the sheeple along the Embarcadero and I find this big sidewalk out into the ocean.  My mind was totally blown.  I run out there as fast as I can and all of these weird flying sea dogs are flapping around in the way.  I tried and tried to swat at them, but they were too fast for me to even catch.  After that, I bought a hot chocolate and watched the beautiful sunset.  Good times indeed.
My quiet, non-consumerist local late night spot.  Clear views of Alcatraz and the Wharf can be had while strolling down the pier.  During crab season, it feels extra secure with all the families filling their buckets with rock crabs & the fish and game wardens camped out to catch Dungeness poachers...
i remember fishing here when i was a kid. now i come here to walk and smell the bay. i don't mind the tourists... i love the general sense of dilapidation. like for some reason i like how the pier itself is crumbling into the bay. i think it makes it dearer to me in a weird way...
i recently took up the hobby of crabbing.  it is fun.  i like this place and i catch monster crabs there.  not dungeness, but i think those rock crabs are better tasting anyway with a lot more meat in the pincher's.  it will probably be a long time before i spend money on dungeness again.-1 star for the sea lion that stole my bait cage.  otherwise this place would get 6 stars.those red rock crabs are a lot tastier than dungeness.  i didnt think so myself until i tasted them but lo and behold they are.  those asian people that were always down there crabbing knew something that i didnt.  and now i know something most dont.
