Check out their website to see what the exhibitions are before you go. It's a small space and there are often events in some galleries.I enjoyed my visit very much, even though one gallery was blocked off for a special event (though I got a discount on admission because of that, which is nice!). The variety of exhibits they're able to cram into their small space without harming the quality is great. Definitely worth the visit and would pair well with the Contemporary Jewish Museum nearby.
This is the first real comprehensive museum that went I to after Jewish and Yerba Buena. There was a three floors and a lot to take. $10 bucks for adults and $5 for students. Some powerful images of African people over the last several hundred years. Very profound to take it even if you aren't an art major or creative field. I'm not sure if this museum is the best for kids cause there is strong material. But adults and other older people can and should certainly appreciate all this museum has to offer. Definitely worth the time and money to come here and check out all the exhibits.
Amazing Museum! My partner and I went during Women's Herstory month and all of the galleries had powerful stories and artwork designed by women of color. We even had a celebrity sighting and saw Tyra Banks walking in the art gallery! Too shy to ask for a selfie but so happy to see that folks were there to support this important work. We also saw Cheryl Patrice Derricotte giving a mini-lecture about her work to a group of students. The work of Alison Saar and Kenyatta A.C. Hinkle is phenomenal. A must see for those who could use an uplifting narrative for women of color situated in their historical strength and power. Visit this space!!!
The staff is very friendly and informative. Beautiful museum but as others say, it is small but it's nice being in a smaller museum... It makes it more intimate. I recommend going.
Beautiful exhibits...purchased a membership. The staff is friendly. Went on a tour and the guide was exceptional. I'm very excited about the upcoming events. It was my first visit and I loved the spotlight on various Black artists. Very very good trip in an awesome location.
I made this museum a required stop while I was in San Francisco for a few conferences, and I'm extremely glad that I got the change to be in this space. Yes, it's perhaps not as big as other museums, but I'm from Brooklyn where the equivalent (MoCADA) is the size of a gallery space so I was appreciative of the 3 floors. The folks who work here are incredibly helpful and friendly - don't hesitate to ask them for help. I was delighted by the work on display when I visited and although I couldn't take photos, I'm sure I'll remember this chill experience for awhile.
Came for the free MLK Day event. First time visiting since the renovation.Pros: Love the new space! Great community engagement and lots of kid friendly activities.Cons: It's tiny. Limited collections on the second and third floor. First floor is just a gift shop. I don't think the space is utilized all that well and we were able to see the entire thing in about 45 min...including a 20 min video. I think with more art and better curated collections, this could really be a special place. I really wanted to get something from the gift shop too but it's also really small and limited-wish there were more art prints. I'll support MoAD for special events but I hope they really FILL the space they have, though small, with more artwork.
I have a membership to the MOAD (Museum of African Diaspora). I am glad to see it reopen and the remodel of the location and space. MOAD is more of an art gallery to me than a museum like MOMA or the De Young. I am glad that the event programming is changing to be more inclusive of San Francisco's diverse community.  The Chef in Residence Series and the music and theater events are examples.
Museums come big and small, but it doesn't take away from the sentiment, the richness, the senses, or the heart.We've all touched a little bit in schools on African American history and also World Civilizations, but rarely do we understand what we truly read and how big of an impact it was in developing American culture today.Many Africans were brought here during the slave trade. As the years continued, slavery was eventually abolished and what was left were their descendants who never set foot on the African continent. All they knew was that America was their new home. So began the struggle to claim and assimilate into American culture.Met with a huge amount of resistance, they still persevered and fought for equal rights, not only for blacks, but for all minorities alike. With great leaders such as Martin Luther King Jr. who took part in the Civil Rights movement and adopted Mahatma Gandhi's approach of non-violent protest, this opened many doors for awareness and equality. This is the beauty of what we have accomplished here in America.This museum has a compilation of African art and history from not only America, but also from around the world.A proud and noble display of the achievements and progression of African culture in different countries; here at MOAD, they recognize and put forth their defeats and their creations, their losses and their triumphs, and their sadness and their pride.At this museum, they offer exhibitions that use projection screens, multimedia images, computers, talking walls, and interactive tables, not to mention the various artwork displayed throughout. Admission is fair. Adults may enter for $10, children under 12 are free, or $5 otherwise. Nice place to check out if you have the time!
The mere fact that this museum exists is reason enough for 4 stars. I've visited the MOAD several times since its inception in 2005, and I always enjoy myself. Sure, it's small, but again, it is space reserved for us. And that, is huge.Yesterday was my first visit since the recent renovation, and I brought my 65 year-old mother with me. This was her first visit to the MOAD and first visit to a museum since a child in grade school here in San Francisco. She loved the museum and is looking forward to sharing her visit with family and friends. I am blessed to have shared those moments with her.
I stopped by for "Portraits and Other Likenesses" and was pleasantly surprised the exhibit contained works by both Kehinde Wiley and Kara Walker! The staff were more than inviting and I highly recommend visiting the museum if you have the chance.
Came here after finding the nearby SFMOMA closed.  (Hint: SFMOMA is closed on Wednesdays)Boy, what a disappointment.  Roxana L. wasn't joking when she said it was small.  When you walk in, the foyer and gift shop / admissions desk is literally 1/2 of the museum area.  My buddy and I paid our $5 admission, and went up the stairs.  There's a small conference room, a 25 seat theatre, and a dark (pitch black) room where you could listen to stories from former slaves.  And.. that's it?There was no 3rd floor when we went - it was under renovations.  Maybe that's why the admission was $5 instead of $10.My friend and I left scratching our heads.  It was somewhat informative, but definitely not what I was looking for, even in terms of information.  I do have a hard time recommending this place.
Wonderful place to take in the Cultral contributions of African Americans. The interactive artwork was awesome. There is a theatre room. You can select the movie you want to see from a variety if selections -- namely related the our historical past. We watched the struggles if South Africa / Nelson Mandela and blacks migration from the south to Muskegon Michigan. The search for a better life than picking cotton. Black men took jobs in factories which ended up a different type of slavery. It was very intense. Narrated by people who lived it. Highly recommend a visit.
I'm giving MoAD four stars for its potential. There is a definite need for MoAD and I hope that it continues to build on its permanent exhibits. Our visit also coincided with the temporary exhibit, Desert Jewels: North African Jewelry and Photography from the Xavier Guerrand-Hermes Collection. The jewelry and photography were stunning.Prior to our visit, I read through their website and viewed their online exhibits, and shared this with my 13yo. Our expectations were met. The staffer at the front desk was amazing. I would have loved to have had her provide a guided tour of the museum. She connected the dots for my 13yo. The Slavery Passages exhibit was powerful. The Celebrations: Ritual and Ceremony exhibit was a great introduction to the diaspora experience. It hit home that were are more alike than different.
This museum may be small, but so is the population of African Americans in San Francisco. I always enjoy my visits to this place because it displays the beauty of African people across the globe. I hope it expands in size. In the meantime, I appreciate the exhibits and can't wait until it reopens after renovations.
I'm all about sf and having all this awesome culture! This museum is okay but a little small! I don't think I would really pay to visit. Thank goodness the library gives free tickets. My favorite part was the 2nd floor where you learn about the music. Museum is nice, clean and well maintained.
I came here for the opening reception for their new exhibit, and I was really excited to view this museum because I love museums and I hadn't been here before! We decided we'll start at the top and work our way down.Unfortunately, the top floor, the 3rd floor, was closed off for the night, so we didn't get a chance to see it. It could be awesome, but for now, we have no idea. The 2nd floor was featuring the new exhibit. There was a massive room with live music, and historic movie posters on the walls, but not much else. I'm not sure if they moved out some of the exhibits for the party, but if not, it was very small! Also on the 2nd floor, there were a few interactive exhibits (children's activities), a movie screening room, and a cool transitioning-portraits section in one room, but unfortunately, that's it. It was just too small. We saw the entire 2nd floor in about 10 minutes and we read every word on every sign, and examined everything there was to see.There wasn't really anything on the 1st floor except for a gift shop. I don't really have anything bad to say about this museum, I just wish it featured more. I really thought the patrons and staff were interesting and friendly. The building itself is really modern and interesting. I wish this museum the best and I hope it grows! I hope to visit it again and see the 3rd floor and hopefully they will have more to see.
I was quite disappointed when I arrived at the museum on Sunday, June 8, 2014 to find that the museum was closed.  A sign in the door said it was closed for either remodeling of renovations. I had checked the website for the address and there was no mention of the museum being closed. I had also called to verify the museum opening time and there was no mention of the museum being closed on the recording either.
Yay for $5 admission even though I'm not a student. Yay for the beautiful building that houses the museum. Yay for the Celia Cruz video that made me want to dance. Nay for not learning anything about African culture after spending half an hour in the museum. Nay for the fact that there's most of the museum consists of 1 exhibit and what I saw was a bunch of quilts that were pretty to look at but unimpressive and noneducational.
The general idea of the museum is OK. The first exhibition floor is dedicated to a permanent exposition, and the second shows African culture from all around the world. I would love to have a richer history presented in the museum, though, as it lacks a bit of depth.
This Museum is REALLY small.  I hope they will expand it and include more exhibits.First floor: -Main lobby-Gift shop-The lady at the info desk is really nice-$10 for adult admission, $5 for student/seniors,  and kids/members get in freeSecond floor:-Had a room with maybe 15 black and white photographs-Another room where you listen to audio-Boring....Third floor:-The Desert Jewels Exhibition!  I enjoyed this floor because there was actually things to look at: Lots of Jewelries/Photographs.  note: this floor is pretty much a room....
A lot of the reviews here seem mean -spirited to me. There are some things I would like to see improved but overall I had a great experience today - my first and only time to visit MOAD. All of the staff that I interacted with - an art teacher, three security guards, the greeter/cashier, docent-in-training, and someone working in the heritage center were pleasant and helpful. I sat and watched the entire Celia Cruz film and it was excellent. I would return to see that again. The one issue I had were the stations around the corner that played various types if music - gospel, blues, jazz, etc. That interfered with the Cflua Cruz film sound. Perhaps the volume on the stations could be lowered or headphones could be provided. I listened to a bit of the audio of slave narratives. I looked at the stations about food and the diaspora - seemed like a good idea but the info seemed a bit too basic - perhaps it was aimed at children. There were three stations that addressed culture, appearance and dress that motives faces into another and another. I've seen this before but this was well done and compelling. The stairs and elevator have tons of tiny photo portraits covering the walls. Made the trip visually significant. The Heritage Center was a bit hidden. There were some pieces if art in the walls leading in. A staff member greeted me and let me know the film that was running was about the Fillmore neighborhood of SF. There were computers with info about MOAD. I wasn't sure how that was different from the website but didn't ask. The reason I went to MOAD besides that I had been meaning to go for years was to see the Romare Bearden exhibit. I had seen his collages and watercolors at MOMA a few years back and that was a fabulous introduction and overview of his work. This was his graphic work and really illustrated his process. There were a few examples were several versions of his work were shown. There were a few etching or collograph plates on display. Some handwritten pages about different art materials made me feel as if I were looking over the artist's shoulder. I was tremendously inspired by seeing these works if Bearden's and I may try to return before it comes down in two weeks time. Because I so thoroughly enjoyed the film and the special exhibit the $10 admission seemed reasonable. I do think the permanent exhibits could use some work. Glad the museum is here and glad to have seen the work if this very brilliant artist.
Went to MOAD after SFMOMA & Jewish Museum for Target Family Day Sun 10/18/09.Ground floor - museum store - very small. 2nd Fl - there was some jazz musicians.3rd Fl - The Art of Richard Mayhew.  Black artist that does landscapes & plays jazz.  Pretty cool.People were also able to do some screen painting for Target Family Day - we didn't.  Looked cool.
Heads up, the museum is CLOSED for renovations. I drove in from Berkeley today after checking the website for opening times. There is nothing on the website indicating that the museum is closed.
I really would love to give this museum 5 stars, but as much as I really enjoyed this place, I really wish they had designated more space to the permanent exhibitions and less to the temporary exhibit that was showcasing a single artist when I was there.  I was not nearly as interested in the work of the artist in the temporary exhibit as I was in the permanent exhibits on how food and music impacted and were impacted by the movements of African people and the recordings of slave experiences.  The permanent exhibits were well designed and interesting, but definitely not for those who don't like to read the signs and watch films.  If you aren't going to spend time really exploring the exhibits you will not get much out of your experience here.  On the other hand if you are willing to really take the time to read, watch, and listen, you will learn a lot from this museum.
Living in the north/east bay, I don't get here often but when I do, each time I leave with something I didn't have before.  I happened to be in the city showing an out of town guest the area and didn't plan the trip with a specific exhibit in mind.  I was glad that we were able to sneak in with an hour left to spare on a Saturday and also not pay a dime because it was a Bank of America Saturday where admission was free for cardholders (finally a great thing from BofA, I digress...)I've been coming here since it's opening and have the pleasure of bringing our sorority's debutantes so that they can see the museum and get more exposure to other things.  One trip, we were fortunate to see a visitor from Africa who was on his first trip to the United States from his village.  Accompanied by an escort, his stories that he shared where inspiring and reminded me of my own trip to Ghana several years ago.  I was totally impressed by a few traveling exhibits they had here a while back, one was Double Exposure and I can't recall the name of the other one that focused on food eaten by people throughout the world.  The current exhibit has pieces from private California collectors and is a great collection.  If you're looking for something great to do in the city, you just have to add MoAD to your list.  Seriously.
Museum of the African Diaspora, otherwise known as MOAD, hosts African stories and arts.  'Diaspora' is defined as being a migration or scattering of a people.  I'm unsure as to why this museum specifically used this word because they do not host works specifically on this topic.  And why not just be a museum that hosts the rich history of African art instead of one movement of the African experience?MOAD is split up into three levels.  There's a gift shop, performance area, education center, and art collection.  If you're expecting to look at a lot of African art, prepare to be disappointed.  While the art they do have is very good, it's primarily 2D visual arts.  There are some multimedia pieces and a theater that plays a short documentary, yet nothing that competes with other museums such as SFMOMA, Asian Art Museum, or even the new Contemporary Jewish Museum.I've been wanting to come here for a long time but never really heard anything about it.  The exhibitions don't seem that interesting either.  I'd only recommend visiting when it's a free day.I totally agree with the statement, "Africa is a continent, not a country."  MOAD please represent what is in dire need of being represented.
A great concept and vital knowledge, but poorly designed and too small. The staff was very friendly and the plentiful volunteers on MLK maked it easier to navigate. The place in itself it a fantastic idea and really touches on slavery and the inequality given to black people. The problem is it's designed like an apartment building instead of a museum, and the one floor with artifacts had about 3 African tribal outfits and some spoons and masks, nothing more. The rest of the rooms were dedicated to documentaries (ie: Nelson Mandela, the slave experience, children's arts rooms, etc.). I learned some, but would prefer a better museum-like experience with more knowledge shared via artifacts and interactive exhibits.
$5 student discount and free with sfpl's family pass!  Near a great places to eat, and great history and discussions of Africa and its descendents. Also it has such a clean and up to date facility.
I LOVED this museum.  It was small and quaint, but I grew up with the Smithsonian in the backyard.  The free, national museums in Washington, D.C.  The Kinsey collection was amazing.  The artifacts collected were amazing and eclectic.  I would recommend this museum to everyone.  The only thing it lacked, was  MORE of this fascinating items.
I was under whelmed by this Museum! Just not enough to the exhibits.I attended on an open evening and admittedly the 3rd floor was closed, maybe all the good stuff is on the top floor, but from my experience it lacks content.The building itself is really cool, huge glass windows make up the entire front, but as for learning about Africa and African culture it is disappointing!
This is a just okay museum.Okay, it was a little disappointing. The permanent exhibits really don't talk much about the larger African diaspora and focuses solely on African American diaspora. Have we forgotten the diaspora to Europe (currently still going on!), to South America and the Caribbean? It would have been better if this museum termed itself Museum of African-American history. But even then, it pales.What I find more exciting is the rotating exhibit on the top floor. Of course, this depends on what artists and exhibitions are showing but the several times I've been to MOAD, I was  there just for the top floor exhibit.Perhaps the permanent exhibition of this museum is worth visiting, but only once.
This is an incredible venue which also has film screenings, the Scholarly Voices Program, and beautiful art work as well as music, storytelling, and a "Freedom Theater" with 15 videos on various topics.  The Slave Narratives room recounts the stories of slaves and is narrated by Maya Angelou and her son.  You could spend days exploring this museum.
i am giving this three stars because i really appreciate the museum being there, but i must say i was expecting a bit more. there are three levels of this musuem. The first level has a theatre that played a documentary about the black migration up to a city in michigan and what happened during this time. There's also another room that has nothing in it. you sit in the dark, there are two benches. there is darkness and voices of slave reenacted real slave narratives speak in the darkness and tell their stories. there is an excellent opening video in a different room when you first walk in that discusses the diaspora of all people out of africa. I really liked that because it really shows how much we all are the same and all the so - called differences are really silly. The second floor I think has temporary exhibits. honestly it wasn't much there.  The third floor had a temp exhibit too about jewelry in north africa. that was pretty interesting The staff were all very helpful. I must say that I was looking around thinking that i must have missed rooms and exhibits, but i didn't. it's very very small indeed and light on overall information. it would have been interesting to have a permanent exhibit about the "diaspora" of blacks that came to california and specifically san fran.  discuss their experiences. Provide information about Mary Ellen Pleasant (a free woman of color) who many thought was white due to her appearance but was of african ancestry  who amassed $30 Milliion Dollar estate, designed and built an enormous mansion in San Fran and a summer house near Napa, and how she fought for civil rights. She helped slaves on the underground railroad, and contributed to several abolotionist movements. She later changed her racial status from white to black after slavery was over but was always openly proud of her heritage amongst blacks and it was not a secret to them but due to the climate of the times, she had to "pass" as white to be able to amass her fortune. Anyway, I think it was a great museum but it really needs to take advantage of more of the local history and turned into something more robust.
I do plan on revisiting MoAD and updating my review. I think I was disappointed because I expected a lot more. With so many centuries of stories to tell, I wanted to see more. The biggest disappointment was the "Slave Narratives" exhibit was out of order...and that was the exhibit I was looking forward to the most! I did learn about a few notable figures and that stuck with me.
Take advantage of Black History month sponsorship! By getting in for free, it gets knocked up a notch. It is rather sparse and I'm not sure what the usual price is. But there was a great deal of interactivity and video/audio installations. However, I would advise them to maintain the interactive pieces more. Specifically the piece that involves decoding messages via color code. Because I would have really liked to do that but all the pens had dried up :(But over all it's a pretty cool museum. Do go!
This museum has great potential, but I will not visit this museum again. I completely agree with other reviews that this museum is not worth paying entrance for. The museum is small but even with a small space you can have an impact with the amount of content. I am all for an informative and educational institution as this, but it needs more content. I have been to a few of the events put on by MoAD. The recent event that I attended was "Black Hair Through Out the Diaspora." This event should have been hosted at several different times or for more than one day. There were too many peopled packed in this facility. The panel area (located on the second floor) that showcased models and included questions did not have seating. You could not hear nor see anything. This lasted a complete 2 hours. The event was advertised as being held from 6-10pm. The last two hours included the purchase of small plates of $6 food and $6 champagne. For a $30 ticket I expected to walk away from this event encompassed with new ideas and inspired-that did not happen here.I hope the this museum can step it up in the future. I do not plan to re-visit the museum again.
They really should call it ,"The Museum of White Guilt."  This place clearly suffers from having too muddled an objective and too large a scope.  And as a result, there is little cohesiveness among the elements that they exhibit here, and they aren't really able to explore anything in sufficient detail.  Take for example, the boring faux-anthropological exhibit about "ornamentation," where a morphing LCD display of people's clothing styles is shown and you are asked (quite lamely): "think about how you dress and what that means to you?"  This ball of cheese is displayed right next to a room playing a film about slavery (a single room in the museum studying slavery?) narrated by Maya Angelou. I was disappointed - the execution of the museum is bad.
I wanted to like it. I really did. This is a weird, small museum with an unclear concept and really bad layout.I was greeted warmly and told that the exhibit today is RIchard Mayhew. I could learn about Richard Mayhew on the 2nd floor and then see his artwork on the 3rd floor. Okay then. So I proceeded up the stairs, watched a very, very interesting movie in a painfully bright room about black native americans. The seats were badly arranged...all flat, so the people in the back row are out of luck (but that's normal for a museum). But weirdly, people kept walking through the room. Entering from the back, proceeding through an opening at the front. Weird. So I got up, wandered around the rest of the 2nd floor for about five minutes and saw a very strange mash-up of facts. A giant Kaiser Permanente poster about diet. A kiosk about creole music. A kiosk about clothing. I saw a man come out of another room. Some asked him "so what was it?" and the man said "just an empty room with a soundtrack." I skipped it. I never did see anything abotu Mayhew on the 2nd floor...maybe that was it. So then I tried to go upstairs, and realized that to get there, I had to walk through the movie room I'd started with. Weird. Upstairs, the Mayhew art was beautiful, nicely displayed, tastefully lit. I don't know, if you're going to tackle such a big subject, maybe you need a bigger space.As noted by another review, the gift shop is incredibly small. Smaller than the jewelry counter at the MOMA gift shop.Afterwards, I went to the Jewish Contemporary Museum. I'd advise you to go there instead.By the way, I saw that they rent the facility, but unless you're just planning a meeting for 20 or fewer people, or a standing cocktail party for 40, that's not going to work. There's no large open space.
MoAD has a really cool look and feel to the museum upon entrance, however, as much as I want to say I really enjoyed this museum, I can't forget how boring it was. Although I did learn a few things through the interactive tours, I didn't feel like there was much take-home value to the place. Overall, worth a quick tour but don't expect to learn or see too much!
Saw the "From Process to Print: Graphic Works by Romare Bearden" exhibit during a Bank of America free day.  That and the Celia Cruz documentary were engaging and interesting; however, there wasn't very much to see/experience for the rest of the permanent exhibits and the layout seems a little disjointed.
I really enjoyed this museum as I went here for the Yerba Buena Free4All event. The exhibit, "What the World Eats" was fascinating to view. It was fun to read how much families from different countries spend in one week. In addition, I loved how each family had a list of what they purchased and how much the food item costs. The exhibit definitely showed the poverty and wealth that certain families experience.The museum was a lot smaller compared to SF MOMA, since it had two levels of the exhibit. It was crowded to view each of the families, but I can't complain since admission was free :) The gift shop was small, but the trinkets were pretty cool. I liked the handmade stuffed animals, but they were too expensive. Don't expect anything cheap souvenirs.I would go back to the museum again to see upcoming exhibits.
Blah.I think most of us really wanted to like this place, but the execution of a great idea fails in so many ways. -As a linguist (but non-Africanist), I was really hoping to be dazzled by fascinating, accessible exhibits on the linguistic diversity of Africa and the consequences that millennia of social/cultural contact, exploitation, etc. from within and without had had vis-a-vis creation of mixed languages, creoles, etc., etc.Nothing.Ok, fine. On to African art.Anything? Well, a little bit on dance. The Ethiopian painting exhibit that others have mentioned was closed (or not yet open? can't remember) when I went, so I didn't get to see it. A moderately interesting interactive display on food in Africa, some framed historical documents on a wall, videos on slavery in North America...pretty scattered. I think it only took 20-30 minutes to go through.We were very disappointed and certainly will not pay to come back.
On the recent MLK holiday,I decided to take my daughters to MoAD for a valuable,educational and quality experience together. After signing the "sidewalk",we entered the museum and honestly,my first impression was it didn't "grab" me right away as the type of museum that truly took on such an ambitious task.I was expecting to view genuine archaelogical artifacts and in-depth exhibits on specific events that took place during the "diaspora".Nevertheless,I did find the slave narratives compelling and I know my daughters did as well,especially the one depicting a 12 year old girl's harrowing experience being sold to another plantation.I also must admit that on the day we honored Dr. King,I expected a more thorough exhibit on him,although I realize the King Center in Atlanta may not allow things like his speeches to be reprinted without permission or any other images,I'm not exactly sure.Still,we all enjoyed our day together,learned a few things,and met a wonderful artist on the second floor
Went there since it was black history month... really not that great. First of all, this place is TINY, Not much to see. 1st floor is a gift shop. 2nd floor is a bunch of rooms with movies and soundbytes. 3rd floor has about 20 pieces of african artwork and many books written by famous african americans. You can see this whole place in about 30 mins.
Unfortunately quite a few of the yelp reviews show little education or understanding of African Diaspora.The museum is NOT a disgrace and should not be shut down, someone who thinks that is probably more used and attuned to watching Fox news.The quilts exhibition was particularly poignant and showed a multimedia of history, art and music documented through this work of art.  They also highlighted people who are prominent and less well known such as Charlotte O'Neal the black panther activist in the quilts.The museum is small but the staff running it are highly talented and spend a lot of time putting together exhibitions.  I am a regular vistor and whilst I think they could do a better job of highlighting the Diaspora (namely so yelp readers can understand Diaspora reached the Islands of Puerto Rico too!), I do think they do a wonderful job of highlighting scholars and artists which are ignored by larger museums such as SFMOMA. Also the work the exhibit is truly full of passion and I feel more revived coming out of here than SFMOMA.  I think it is best suited to those with knowledge about the African continent and African American history.  I have seen a lot of children visit though and I think there is some interactive stuff for them to do.I love this place and for me it is a hidden gem in the city.  The security guards are also very nice and knowledgeable - one is from Kenya and has a lot of information if you want to learn.
NEGATIVE 3MOAD is the worst "museum" I have gone to in my life. FIrst of all, there is not one piece of African Art in it !!! To add insult to injury you pay over $20 to get in.  Whatever is on display is mediocre at best.Solution: Find a new curator, organize extensive African Art expositions or close down this ridiculous display of mediocrity.
We went to this museum while we were vacationing in San Francisco, and I'd have to say I'm a bit disappointed.     I really wanted to like it, and I think we both really gave it a chance, but it just didn't seem up to par with other african/african-american museums.    Perhaps this is because the museum is on the West Coast where there isn't as much African-American history and heritage as there is on the East Coast (slave trade, HBCU's, etc).     Musuem is pretty small and you can quickly walk through in less than 30 mins.     Most interesting part to me was listening to the narratives about how some slaves escaped.Entry fee is $10 per person.
i've been to all of the museums in SOMA and I really wanted to experience the MOAD. I was disappointed. I wanted to see more African and African-diasporan art. Although the multi-media presentations were very good, I really didn't come to sit through hours of movies. An entire room given over to photos and notes about Willie Brown and Willy Mays seemed like overkill. Gift shop was more interesting to me. My recommendation:  Tell the stories of diaspora and add more samples of success in the arts like Maya Angelous and Langston Hughes and other applied arts.
Um....I have to come clean: I've given MoAD 3 stars in an act of solidarity with people of color. There, I said it. I think the goal of the museum is excellent; the execution of the goal is mediocre.It's a very small museum and, yes, the entry fee does seem high for very sparse exhibits. The best feature on the afternoon I visited (Sept 08) was a darkened room with benches along the side. As you sit, you have the sensation of being in a slave ship while voices describe their experiences during slavery. Very moving, but my Mom and I could only endure one story, due to the stress and anger that these stories generate.The museum inhabits a beautiful space and I quite like the image of the young girl that is the museum's trademark. Maybe they need a new curator or board of directors.....but for now, sadly, there is no there, there.
I personally enjoyed my time there - perhaps I didn't have super high expectations - I see that many yelpers gave mediocre ratings. The collection I saw was the Hewitt Collection of African American Art Collection of 20th-century African American art. I particularly liked the art of Alvin Hollingsworth, I am big fan now, apparently he did some work for DC comics in his days, and his art really reflected that lineage -  it looked like graphic novel stuff. Anyway, I like the gallery and the small circular theater which was featuring a narrative on the coffee trade - I really learned new insights into the inner workings and stakeholder of the coffee trade, seeing that I do have my cup of coffee in morning, the film really resonated on that level.  Four stars, not five,  the place could certainly steps their game up, but I understand that assembling art of African, African-American descent is difficult, some of the exhibits seemed like place holders, and could have been gained by  querying  "African slavery" or " black jazz music" on YouTube. But, the fact that the place is there is certainly kudos for SF
I went on 5/10 Mothers day, thank you to the Koret Foundation for sponsoring this free event.I was blessed enough to see Siaria Shawn perform, went to high school with her, so that was a nice treat! They had a professonal photographer taking pictures, I can't wait to see how those came out! Also there was a project room for kids, and I know that my niece's had a blast because they have not taken off the necklaces they made that day!As for the museum, I appreciate the range of African Americas featured in the various exhibits, and I loved all the interactive and multi-media stations...I think the most interesting place was the elevator...all the walls are covered in a collage of pictures, you could stand it it for hours just looking as the various people and places...The museum itself was pretty small. I will go back for different events!
This was a sad day. It was a rainy day... But we ventured out in the hopes of catching a few of the museums free to the public on one of the city days. I was very excited about this visit and was hoping to give breadth to, or at least receive validation of what I already understand to be the events and cultures surrounding the african diaspora. So... at that we clamor in and get to the second floor. Immediately I am shuffled along with the foot traffic into this 360degree room showing a film on... diversity? change? family? community maybe? Who knows. What I do know is that immediately I get a flood of "we are the world" syndrome and start to feel claustrophobic. I leave. I venture past some interactive media stints and am not captured. Finally... in the corner of the museum I think i've found something. There is a room completely dark except for projected dim wave like images circulating the room and in the backdrop are slave narratives. I sit with my eye's closed and listen. I hear a woman telling briefly of middle passage and appreciate this. This is, however, quickly over- shadowed by a house slaves narrative. Followed by a couple more that outline the tender relationship slaves had towards they're masters. Great. I need to leave because my blood starts to hurt... Where are the accounts of terror and blood!!? Wtf. This is slavery we are talking about right?I am disappointed and leave to then spend considerable time in the "we are the world" in food. O.k. where are the black people? Didn't this Museum say something about african? I'm confused. Yet my mind is cleared as I loft through the food exhibit and find nations of the "first" world the majority of those displayed. Of course shown grossly abundant in food and only showing certain classes from the countries of europe, u.s., japan, australia, ect... But wait! In a corner I spot black people! Ah yes... what do they eat in african countries? Well... besides one obviously upper class family shown in africa the other folks in africa are apparently (according to what was on display) in refugee camps with only sacks of grain. Whatever. The most african thing I got from the whole experience was my graffiti of the world calender 2008.the end.
I spent about an hour here yesterday and was a bit underwhelmed. I found the layout to be an  interesting use of space as was the use of so much audio/video material. For me, the video presentations moved very slowly--I could simultaneously watch two side by side and not miss a thing. Besides being slow moving they didn't have a great deal of depth, either, just glossing over subjects like African influences on music and food in this country. It seems like a great learning tool for the young, however.The Hewitt Collection of African American painters was excellent, though. Earnest Crichlow in particular impressed me, and there was a wide variety of approach and subject matter. It's worth the price of admission.
Yep, here's another dissappointing review for MOAD. I love going to museums, but never in my life have I felt so annoyed in a museum. I had to visit this place twice for a school project, and each time I was constantly bugged by the security guards and staff. They followed me everywhere and kept asking me where I was going. I was beginning to understand what it feels like to be wrongfully persecuted!I think the ideas behind the museum and its exhibits are great, but the execution could be greatly improved.
This was a very disappointing museum.  Me, my sister, my BF and my brother all went to this place so excited at celebrating the African Diaspora.  Instead, we saw a sparse "gallery" and left within thirty minutes feeling frustrated and disappointed.  The gift shop is very small considering the amount of space on the ground floor.  It was also disappointing to see that some of the dolls were Einstein dolls and Freud dolls... What do they have to do with the museum?On the 2nd floor, it was like a gallery with series of pictures in different areas with little or no discription by the pictures.  I was hoping for even a small story or background pertaining to the pictures.  In one series a metal ship was show out of water photographed from various exterior angles.  We wondered, was this a ship that transported African slaves?  Or was this a ship that was used by Africans to trade goods or flee their motherland?  Or maybe, someone suggested, these pictures were merely by an African artist.  Another series of pictures showed a blackened pumice looking landscaped with slaughtered goats accompanied by men.  We wondered, is this a ritual killing?  Is this a systematic or seasonal function, or was this just the open market for buying and trading meat?  The worst was a series of pictures of tire marks in mud with water pooled in the mud.  They were laying on the floor with velvet ropes around them.  Was this the mud from Africa? Or were the tiremarks made by an African?  Or was this the truck that drove someone out of Africa?  The most exciting and informative part of the feature was a small 6-8 foot wall that had video slide shows on food.  I read about black eyed peas and how beans and rice are common to most cultures around the world, and how rice came from Africa... and how beans and rice were a complete protein.  Then we learned about greens, how in Africa greens were consumed as a staple food.  When African slaves came to america, they cooked the discarded greens off of root vegetables, such as turnips.  This was the the information and integration of culture I was looking for.  But unfortunately, this was only a minor display inthe scope of the entire museum. There was a small dark room in which slave narratives where being performed.  (Pre-recorded audio.)  That would have been interesting if there was more of a story in place.  But most Americans should have some sense by now what slavery was likened to, and have read at least one account of such things.  And it didnt really tie into the entire theme or idea of the African Diaspora.  There is a small computer learning room tucked away (seemingly) in the back offices of the museum on the third level.  But this information is like accessing the encyclopedia britannica online.  Where the museum was lacking, the computer room had so much information.  But to read about the African Diaspora in this manner, was so arduous.  For that much, I would rather stay at home and read about African cultures, assimilation and migration at home, online.  And then the computers offered the history of each of the 2000+ pictures that create the mosaic that can be seen from the street.  But who has time to click on each picture while on the computer?  When I clicked on 6, all six were lacking stories anyway.  I think I would have been much happier buying an art / photography book such as those "24 hours in..." books.  I would have learned SO MUCH more.  And I would have spent the same amount of money.  I just wanted to really have a great richness added to the views that we have on the African Diaspora, and this museum failed miserably.  (I did write to the museum in hopes that they will revamp the museum.  Everyone that I went with was quite disappointed with the museum.)
Ok, I'll bite.  What is a diaspora?  It means, essentially, "dispersion".  So the African Diaspora refers to the dispersion of the human race from its original home in Africa, as well as more modern dispersions (eg, the slave trade).In other words, this is *not* a museum of Africa.  I suppose you could call it a museum of anthropology, and particularly racial and cultural identity as viewed through an African lens.  Sound ambitious?  It is, and in many ways the museum is neither big enough nor sophisticated enough to pull it off without falling into feel-good/feel-bad humanitarian cliches or (as with the section on music, food, and fashion) outright pedestrianism worthy of a kids' museum.  The short films in the "freedom theater" are quite good, however (and one features a very prescient appearance by a certain future president).  Ultimately, the two temporary exhibitions outshone the rest of the place and were more to the point, especially "Decoding Identity", which hints at the tensions between past and present, individual and collective, ethnic solidarity and ethnic fluidity, all of which happen to be intersecting in a very critical way at this point in history (and especially in this country).  If only they would take that ball and run with it, this could be one of the most unique, relevant, and fascinating museums around.  But the trick, as always, will be in the execution.
I was kinda of disappointed after coming here. My class came here on a field trip,and I have been to many museums in the past, so I expected this place to be pretty big. It turned out to be kinda small ish. Even though you may learn a little here and there from the tour, its not really that worth it. Sure, the artwork is interesting, and probably really expensive, but it just didn't amaze me. The picture in the front of the building is a eye catcher though! This place is great though, if you want to learn about African cultural.
This museum is another example of the city's celebration of diversity.  I first learned of this museum from a company event, in which we had the executive director come visit and speak more to African history.  Seeing as to how we also purchased a corporate membership, I went and checked this place out one lovely summer day. The entrance is really cool, and has a face of a young girl, which is a collaboration of thousands of peoples' faces!  The pic is basically a representation tracing back to everyones' origins to Africa - it's the pic that is created if we had people of all ethnicities, colors, and nationalities mixed into one - cool, huh?The museum has a really interesting and interactive exhibit on culinary traditions, slavery passages, and some desi (Indian) - African diasporic art from the Caribbean.  I also watched three films on Nelson Mandela and The End of Apartheid, Toussaint L'overture and the French Revolution, and another film on Thurgood Marshall.  Great place to learn more about the diaspora and of course, one's own origins!
I love this Museum! I think people need to really get to understand the mission of this 3 year old experiment. Yes, experiment. Most people don't really grasp the diaspora concept-- which I think is MoAD's greatest challenge. They are not only trying to bring the history, stories, and art of the recent movements out of Africa, but also trying to connect all people through the original African Diaspora.    MoAD has a long way to go still, but how many Museums in their third year have achieved such a beautiful building and taken on such a bold mission. NOTE: SFMOMA is 74 years old and began in someone's home.    If you really enjoy Museum's and watching something progress, this is your spot. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. You begin by getting an overview from the Visitor Services Manager and then you get to experience the amazing stairway mosaic. The mosaic is "the signature piece of the Museum". It is made up of over 2000 images sent from all over the world, and represents the African Diaspora. If you look closely, there are Africans, African Americans, and Caribbeans, but there are also folks from Asia and Europe and South America. This is the whole idea of this place. You look at the little details and see difference and separation, but when you stand back, it becomes one person-- one human race.    The changing exhibitions are good in that they key into the whole mission. I first experienced Hungry Planet, but didn't really like that one. Then, they featured an exhibition called Africa.dot.Com in 2007. That exhibition showed the transition from drum (earth) technology to digital technology all over Africa. It was great to see Africa represented in the current global era. This last summer and fall they had an amazing exhibition called Double Exposure, about African American representation through photography. It was amazing and a quiet little gem. Now, they have an exhibition called the Hewitt Collection, which was collected by a middleclass couple who actually knew most of the artists represented in the show: Elizabeth Catlett, Jacob Lawrence, Ernest Crichlow, etc. They even have a Henry Ossawa Tanner!!! It's awesome.   Support this Museum, it's awesome. The critics should do some more homework and not compare apples to oranges.
I wanted to like this museum.  The theme is really compelling: Africa being the origin of the human race, one of the museums goals is to trace the movement of people and culture out of Africa and around the world.  More specifically, it looks at movements and culture of slaves, refugees, emigrants, etc. around the world, as well as Africans in Africa.Unfortunately, the Museum is way, way too small to give you anything more than a select glimpse at these migrations and cultural transitions.  Worse still, much of what they do show you could be effectively reproduced in other media: radio, tv, and the web.  The Museum appears to be lacking in a permanent collection: archaelogical artifacts, cultural objects, art, etc.  It functions as much as a showroom of interactive museum display styles as it does a rich and interesting experience.Given the small size of their space, their lack of collection, and their large ambitions, MOAD has clearly sought to expand their wallspace by using interactive multimedia exhibits.  Unfortunately, in doing so they forgot that when people pay $10 for a museum entry, they expect a robust and unique experience to rival the other museums of the city, whose entry fees vary from $10-12.50.I give them a second star for their theme, in hopes that someday they can grow into a museum worthy of their name.  Go to this museum if you are really captivated by their current exhibits; if you are just feeling like spending a few hours in a museum try just about any other one first.
When they have one of their better exhibits, I'd give MoAD five stars. The current Kinsey collection show is very good. They've had some excellent and very unique shows over the years, several of which I've gone to see more than once. The staff have always been kind and helpful, not always the case in some of the larger museums in San Francisco. MoAD is very accommodating for those of us needing disability access, too. They do an excellent job of blending art and historical context. In this way, it is very worthwhile in gaining a more complete picture of American history. As the museum name suggests, they also highlight the work of people from many other parts of the world. The museum is small and needs more community support to grow. They don't have the funding base that museums like the deYoung have. Sometimes they've had problems such as the audio not working in the darkened room where one hears very moving, oral histories of people who were enslaved. I became a member a few years ago and have enjoyed their many talks and presentations, e.g. John Santos, that are included with museum admission. Check out their website for listings of these special events.
I really like museums but this one was tiny.  The 10 dollar admission was too much.I really expected there to be a lot more to the African diaspora than what's on display here.This museum should be free.  It should be the introductory museum and then direct you to the real museum some place else, someplace bigger.
I've visited MoAD several times, but haven't been in a while.  To be honest, I'm a little disappointed by the size and scope of the museum's offerings (much like the Smithsonian Anacostia Community Museum), but I've always enjoyed the programming and all the exhibits, especially the standing interactive, multi-media/multi-sensory exhibits on the second floor even if the historical and cultural 'information' could stand to be a little sharper and more challenging. The art's always great, though, and this is a necessary institution, well supplemented by consistently good multi-ethnic offerings at the nearby Yerba Buena Center.
This is an awful awful museum. I went to see an Ethiopian art exhibit. There was nothing there besides that. Well two films, and pouches, lots of pouches. The total square footage couldn't have been more than 2400 square feet. The thing that caught me off guard was that the museum costs TEN dollars. I mean, 10 dollars for a couple of hours would make sense, but you can be done with this place in 15 minutes if your rushing. The high cost and low square footage are sure to disappoint. Maybe they can improve the place, but I don't really see that happening with the small size of the place.
why are you giving the museum so many stars?? MOAD SUCKS.the entire museum consists of an assortment of quilts, one small exhibit of moprhing faces, and 2 videos, one of which was playing a bio of celia cruz (umm isn't she from puerto rico?)  the museum cannot justify its use of such an ambitious term as "diaspora".  this museum is a disgrace and should be shut down.  it took 5 minutes to walk through and i took a nap in the video room so that i wouldn't embarrass myself walking past the cashier who just a few moments ago grabbed my 10 bucks.
I have to agree with these other reviews. Glad we finally got the MoAD after 10 years, love that it is downtown, and think it is beautiful inside and out, but somewhat dissapointed with the actual displays, artwork and recordings and felt like the whole package was just a bit off, and unrelated to a main theme (ie "Diaspora").Not a bad place to host an event either.
I am glad, the SF has a museum representing Art throughout the African Diaspora.  Its good for the whole family, and everytime I go I learn something new.  Great place for everyone to visit!
After spending a few hours at this museum, you can come out a little confused....was I just at the MOMA? Granted, the MOAD is probably half the size of the Modern Museum of Art, but the large number of interactive exhibits gives this museum a "cutting edge" feel. The MOAD does an excellent job of blending African Roots and American branches. The exhibits, which are spread out over three floors, cover the concepts of modern art, slavery, and many issues that face today's multi-racial artists. My only complaint is that I wish this venue were a bit larger,so that it could display more conceptual art.
This museum is TINY.  Three very small floors.  First floor:  gift shop.  Second floor:  slave narratives (which I think you can hear on the web), small interactive thing about food, screening room showing short documentaries, moving exhibit on amulets.  Third floor: exhibit of an Ethiopian artist.The exhibit of the Ethiopian artist is fantastic.  The slave narratives were cool, but the room you sit in is awkward (weird light show, uncomfortable seats...  maybe it's intentional).There was a part of the museum that was closed when we visited.  I can't remember what it was, but the woman that greeted us said that it was her favorite part.  It's worth a few bucks ($5 for students and seniors and $10 for adults) and a few hours (ok, maybe 1 hour) to check it out.
MOAD makes a very good case that we are all, in essence, African. I can dig it, just like the Leakeys dug up the first upright human in the Olduvai Gorge in Kenya. And, its a great place to spend a cold afternoon, say, the Friday before your office closes for Christmas. Snuggled up in an art "snack" of a museum. You'll get no art fatigue here due to its relative abbreviated square footage.Finally, I will always love MOAD, because my fiance and I went there right before we got engaged. MOAD was my last attraction as a single woman. It was a great "spend the rest of your life with me" warm-up!
I took a friend of mine visiting from LA here last week, since we were tres stoked to see that MoAD was having an exhibit on slavery in history.  Until, that is, we actually went in and learned that the slavery in history exhibit was really just a paltry excerpt from a traveling exhibit on slavery in NYC, a "darkroom" in which one listened to overly dramatic recitations of slave narratives, and some mediocre film shorts, including an truly DREADFUL film on Toussaint L'Ouverture.  I was muy appalled.  In the interests of fully disclosure, I must note that we were told that the third floor was switching exhibits, so we only saw the second floor (the first is a gift shop).  Although they gave us half-off the admission price of $10, I still felt cheated.  The museum itself is a fabulous and essential idea, and I was very much wanting to love it, but -- sadly, enough -- there just wasn't much substance there.  :o(
I have to echo the sentiments of the other visitors.  I was greatly disappointed by this museum.  I was hoping for quite a bit more with such an austere and powerful title.  The first floor gift shop was moderately interesting, but the overal presentations were entirely lackluster, and aside from a briefly intriguing exhibit on Ethiopian artwork when I was there in February, there wasn't much to go off on.  The idea of the African Diaspora as defined by thsi museum is so broad as to be basically meaningless; I can appreciazte what they're tryign to do, in terms of being inclusive to all potential visistors.  But it is indeed frustrating to see a museum with such amazing potential be so much less than it COULD be.
There simply is not enough here to justify the $10 admission price.
I'm glad I didn't spend a penny to get into this place, as I visited on "Free 4 All" day, November 10.  As a committed, cultured, anti-racist this museum was a total disappointment.  Not only did the "Hungry Planet" photo exhibit have almost nothing to do with the impact or plight of African Americans, it was kind of boring. However, if I were a teacher bringing a class of 3rd or 6th graders, it might have been worth the effort.  This museum ins on the first floor of some tony hotel.  Why on earth are they here in what has got to be amongst the most expensive real estate in SF?  There are no exhibits on the history of slavery and the struggle for civil rights, or the problems of African Americans today.  It was worse than a PBS special.
SF is fortunate to have this completed museum, not just an idea for one. The new building is really nice inside and out, but actually pretty small. The permanent collection/2nd floor uses entirely video and audio recordings, rather than having objects on display. Everything was well done, but ultimately I felt like I could have gotten more out of it if I had all of it on a DVD or website at home - being there didn't really add anything and actually made it harder to pay attention. The visiting collection/3rd floor currently has a great selection of modern art. It's definitely worth a visit, and I'm interested to see how things evolve.
I went here with a friend to see the Hungry Planet exhibit, which was interesting, but not super-great. The rest of the museum, was mildly interesting, $10 was a bit too much to pay in my opinion, but the museum is well-kept, and has interactive displays
I joined the museum a year ago, but never went in, I always had an excuse. Finally I found the motivation to re-join and visit when a relative came to town. We were both impressed with the offerings of the MoAD. At this moment, there are two good-sized photo exhibits: one on local San Francisco personalities, Willie Mays and Willie Brown; the second is a much larger on well-known and maybe not-so-known Black American cultural icons. The latter alone is worth a visit to the museum; and set aside at least an hour alone for it. There are two viewing rooms showing videos of the civil rights movements in the USA and South Africa. And a large listening room playing audio of similar content. In between is a small room where you can learn about the migration from Africa to the Americas of certain Afro-American food staples such as yams, beans and rice. A video exhibit in the same room has three screens displaying face-morphing of individuals from many cultural groups into one another. And just like every museum, there's a shop on the ground floor; ranging from the inexpensive to the expensive.
This is a unique museum that San Francisco is lucky to have. Its mission, it says, is to connect all people through the art, culture and history of the African diaspora, to promote the universal connection of humankind to Africa and explore the impact that people of African descent have had on contemporary life the world over. The wall alongside the staircase leading to the second-floor galleries is covered with a collage of black and white photos --- faces of the African diaspora. One of the first rooms you enter on the second floor projects films about celebrations, and features various people talking about life and its celebrations. The next room has a series of interactive exhibits about dress, food and music. The music exhibit is fun, too: you can listen to and read about various types of music, from samba to hip hop. Next, there's a theater that plays different short films. And finally, there is the slavery passage gallery, a heartbreaking reminder of our nation's difficult past. It's a darkened room with a projector casting vague shadows on the wall. As you sit there, you hear the voices of escaped slaves telling stories of their experiences. The third floor is the special exhibitions gallery. Through June 4, they are showing art of the contemporary African diaspora, featuring artists from all over Africa who work and live in Western countries. My favorite was "Scramble for Africa" by Yinka Shonbare. It is a striking exhibit, with 14 headless figures dressed in colorful robes sitting around a table. On the table is inscribed a map of Africa. The piece is intended to depict the Berlin Conference of 1884-85, where Africa was divided among five European countries.
I came here hoping to learn about the African Diaspora, and was Actively Disappointed. The building looked really cool, and I had never been to a museum for this topic before. There were a lot of bright colors, video displays, and flashing lights, but little information or engaging exhibits. On the first floor, there was a gift shop and an LED map of the world. On the second floor, there were three rocks in a gigantic room, with notes that they are 2.5 million-year-old tools. Also was an "interactive" display where you could click on the names of food and find out how to grow, say, yams. The third floor was a lot of modern artwork that I hoped would comment on the modern experience of African descendants, but I didn't get a sense of this. I hope their "real" exhibit will open soon, or else they will condense the exhibits into less space and open up a design studio on one of the floors -- "MoAD" could be a good name for a studio that designs jeans or perhaps expensive plastic vases.
