Pretty neat little space they have going on over here. Came in free for the Wine Walk event that was going on over the weekend otherwise I probably would've glanced over this spot and walked on by.The space isn't large by any means and I'm not sure what constitutes a museum anymore but I conjure up thoughts of the Cal Academy or MOMA, which this is just barely a room in one of those museums- albeit to say, it's still quite innovative what they have going on providing space to local artists and craftsmen to display their work. While here it was focused on work that brought attention to our veterans and one piece that struck me was one created from old military jackets and made into a mural of sorts resembling a golden wave- with the caption that every single piece of the mural represents the suicides that occur for veterans which is a sad fact but duly represented by the art and poignant to bring up in the viewers minds. Really great art.Not sure about the fees to get in but their shop is free to browse and pretty neat.
LOVELOVELOVE'd this place!  A great small space to see some very meaningful art.  There is an exhibit going on now of all Armed Services Vet's work...it's beyond MOVING.  There is another small gallery inside, but the lights weren't functioning in that space so they had it closed.  This was fine as I could have stayed in the main space for hours with the Vet's work.  There's also a great little gift shop, which was an added bonus.  I will most def be visiting again when I'm in the city next, as it's a super easy trip down the T line on muni from downtown!  Normally admission is $8 for adults (if I remember correctly)
I love museums and value them and the effort the curators put on  them. Sometimes, though, they disappoint, and one of those was this Museum of Craft and Design so heavily publicized in the city (you can see the promotional signs everywhere in the Financial district). Since an Italian colleague from London was visiting, I thought where else to go but to a design museum. Not worth the admission price in my opinion (glad that we went for free, First Tuesday of the month). First thing you see is the gift shop, when you don't even have time to see what it is inside. The exhibition we saw was terrible, very depressing subject (war and company) and the art representing the topic was non attractive to us. I agree that a museum does not have to contain a multitude of objects but I saw little design and not so much craft. Deceived.
Always visit MOCD when I'm in San Francisco.  Changing exhibitions, nice museum store, great restaurants in the neighborhood and new cool shops popping up every month.
We came for a visit a few weeks ago when visiting the Dogpatch. Overall, reasonable on a free ticket day. However, we found the museum to be incredibly small, only two exhibits. Overall took less than 30 minutes to see the whole thing. The gift shop was interesting to browse and had more to see than the exhibits themselves.
B. & I went to the Museum of Craft & Design Grand Opening Day Sat 4/6/13.  We took the 22 Muni bus from the Mission (get off 20th St & walk 2 short blocks), but you can take the T-Train Sunnydale Line from Muni Downtown SF underground stops & get off either 20th St or 23rd St stop.It's in the Dogpatch so afterwards you can get ice cream at Mr & Mrs. Misc. or eat at Serpentine or Hard Knox Cafe.They had a ribbon cutting & some specials, then let the public in.  They allowed us to take pics, that was great.  Depends on the artist so not always are we allowed.Exhibits going on now thru 6/23/13:Michael Cooper: A Sculptural Odyssey 1968-2011 - cool sculptures, many made entirely out of wood.Arline Fisch: Creatures From the Deep - knitted & crotcheted jellyfishes!  I got to meet the artist, that was cool.Rebecca Hutchinson: Affinity - art that looked like tree branches, kinda neat.  They had a kids area to decorate their own wooden car, that looked fun.They have about 4 unisex bathrooms & sinks outside the bathrooms.  2 red drinking fountains.There's a gift shop.They even had a voucher to either get Banh Mi, or Hot dog, or Kara's Cupcake.  I got a pork banh mi.  It was pretty good.Hrs:Sun 12-5Closed MonT-Sat 11-6, open late Th until 7pmWebsite:sfmcd.org
This museum had been on my list to visit for about a year, and we finally went a few weeks ago.  It looked promising, awesome even, from the desk and gift shop area, but we were dismayed to see just how small the exhibit space was:  two rooms that I would guess were not more than 2000 sq ft total.  The exhibits on display at the time were more craft-y than design-y for my tastes, so I was especially disappointed in the value for the $8 admission.  So glad I didn't take my out-of-town guests as I had intended to earlier this summer.  My advice to others would be to check their website for current exhibitions to make sure it's something that grabs you.
I went to the MCAD on a Sunday morning, shortly after they opened. Like other reviewers, I will echo that for the price of an adult ticket ($8), the museum could have been bigger. However, the exhibits were great and the small size made it very manageable to see literally everything in a short visit. Overall, the exhibits are interesting and varied. There were two "interactive" exhibits when I visited: a large wicker nest thing that you could sit in, and a monkey toy that answered yes or no questions. My favorite exhibit was one where the artist used found objects to make all his exhibits. You could stare at a piece for a long time and still not see all the knickknacks he used. I also happened to go at a time where someone who was affiliated with the museum was giving a tour to his friends, so I lingered near them to hear him talk. The museum gift shop is almost an exhibit in it of itself. Many cute and interesting things to peruse (though all of it very pricey, and I purchased nothing). They did have a free metalsmithing magazine that I took home to peruse. Overall, a cute museum that is worth at least one viisit. If visiting again, I would make sure that all the exhibits were fully rotated out so to get the most out of my money.
Unfortunately I came to this museum when they were changing exhibits. And for that I have to say that there was no notice or even a sign that had indicated this. Although admission was free, I was here on a school trip so it would have been nice to know that we would only see a cubical sized exhibit. Also the person who sat at the register of their "gift shop" was less than helpful. She was not very acknowledgeable about ANYTHING! This was jus a horrible experience and I will never go to this museum ever again.
Note, Students (with ID) get to pay $6 instead of regular $8 for adults! I popped by while I was in the Dogpatch district, and this Museum looked interesting. When you walk in, you immediately see the 'giftshop' area. This place is pretty tiny, the entire 'museum' being as large as maybe one (or even smaller than) display room in SF MOMA. They had many furniture displays, primarily works of Herman Miller. You get to sit in the famous Embody chair, and I must admit it was pretty comfy. Their bathroom area is very cute and stylish, using white and black as contrasts. I think just visiting the giftshop (which you don't have to pay admission for) is good enough for a short visit. They have jewelry made by local artisans (a bit pricey though!) and cute design items.
Just stopped by their opening day! I don't think I'd ever been to the old space, but this is definitely a nice addition to the neighborhood. Nice high-ceiling industrial space, currently with one large, L-shaped gallery, plus a couple of alcoves off of it. Museum shop at the entry, with typical offerings. It definitely requires some deliberateness to visit, but one can make a nice Dogpatch day of it, with all the restaurant offerings and old waterfront buildings about.
- You might think the location is a little challenging, but really it's not. Muni and Caltrain both go right there. It's not any harder - I'd say it's easier - than getting to the Golden Gate Park museums from say the FiDi/Market Street corridor.- Admission is a tad steep for the size, esp if you're a struggling student/artist. But I'm not (anymore ;), plus I was there for a good hour, which is my museum duration quota. Happy to contribute to the work, so it's all good!- Nice little gift shop, including jewelry crafted by local artisans. Ended up purchasing some stuff, including things that I plan to gift to people in the future!
This was a happenstance meeting on the way to dogpatch boulders.  I say, oh wow, what is that, lets go in there.  Man, I am happy we did.  It is a great little museum.  I felt like we were in NY and not in SF.  There was a world class exhibit by , wait let me look up his name, Michael Cooper.  I had never heard of him, but I am so glad I know him now.  Cool stuff.  The staff were friendly, the museum layout made for a nice 10-20 min adventure and you exit through the giftshop.
I was expecting more more from the Museum of Craft and Design (having never been there before). This place is tiny, and feels more like a pop-up museum more than anything else. The guy at the gift shop was super nice and friendly, but that didn't change the fact that I was in and out in about 15 mins.
This museum is so small that it can be seen in 15 minutes (if you linger), The gift shop takes up about 25% of the space. Though the few exhibits are mildly interesting, they're not worth the $8 admission fee. Only visit on the free Tuesday IF you're already in/near the neighborhood.
The best part about the museum is the Etsy Meet & Make: Craft Design! Once a month for $10/person ($8 if you're a Yelp member) you get two free local beers, entrance to the museum, and a cool craft project to do there (we did Moss on Wood, but upcoming ones include making herbal honeys and liquors!) Check out Eventbrite for tickets.
This is a new museum, small by most standards and just getting started.  Do call before you go (Dogpatch is not exactly the center of town) to avoid arriving between exhibitions.  Do go with an open mind.  When I arrived the newest exhibition was nearing completion, New West Coast Design 2.  The part I could see from behind the rope was alluring so I asked a staffer if I could just wander through, even though it was not technically open yet. Easy. There is only one medium sized room that can be partitioned by moving walls.  Not much space, but the objects on display were amazing. This particular show stays up through January, so go over the holidays.  Do call first to be sure of hours, etc.  I plan to become a member even though I do not live in San Francisco.  The interactive and hands-on events at the museum look intriguing, but mostly I want to be part of the start of something big.  This can and will be a great museum focused on craft and design, much as New York's Museum of Art and Design (MAD) is and MOMA once was (and remains a leading center for design). Go, join and be part of something good.  And if you are a crafter, check out their events. PS: It is through a doorway in a large industrial building, though they are soon to add a "parkelt" in front. And for the fun of it, check out Dogpatch Boulders, a "rock" climbing playground, next door. Bring your climbing shoes and chalk and make a fun day of your Dogpatch visit.
