This is a great little museum/gallery.  They consistently have truly inspiring works of art created by emerging artists. The space is nice and well lighted. Recommended!
This was an unexpected pleasant find on Sunday. This is an Italian-American Cinema museum and is on exhibit through March 6, 2016.The admission is free which is awesome and there's a lot of cool information. As an Italiana it intrigued me and I learned about actors I had no idea were of Italian ancestry. Of particular fondness for me was the New Penzance Island map on display from Moonrise Kingdom. :) If you happen to be at Fort Mason I recommend you check it out!
This museum has several shows a year.  They are usually interesting and they are always free. There is a donation box and a small gift shop.I go to a club meeting in the same building and a stop here makes a nice day.The current show features the works of 2 Sicilian American artists. Sicily might be the only connection to Italy; there were many painting of recognizable East Bay locations.The museum is small and it doesn't take much time to visit. I do enjoy stopping in to see their shows. However, unless I was at Fort Mason for another purpose, I doubt I would make a special trip unless it was a very special exhib.
Quiet little gallery of art by Italian artists. It has limited hours and it's small but it's worth a walk through :)
We came here to see their current exhibit, "Il Ghetto:  Forging Italian Jewish Identities 1516-1870".  It runs through February 15th.  We walked in and were greeted, "Buon giorno!".  The museum is free but there's a box for donations.  You walk past the gift shop into the exhibit itself, which inhabits three rooms.  It's an interesting and disturbing view into the status of the Jews as "other" wherever they go.  There are religious and cultural artifacts, reproductions of manuscripts and large color photographs of the interiors of several ancient synagogues.  Plaques detail the development of the ghetto as a place where Jews were kept separate from Christians in Venice, restricted in their choices of professions and many aspects of their daily lives, including the style and color of the clothes they were allowed to wear which were determined by the religious and secular rulers of Venice, of Rome, of other City-States before Italy was unified in the late 1800s.  It was detailed and disturbing in the same way "The Merchant of Venice" is after having seen multiple productions.  I think my favorite piece was a poem by Sarah Copia Sullam, who lived from 1592 or so 'til 1641.  Her salon was one of the places Christians and Jews met and interacted outside a commercial realm.  She carried on a 4 year correspondence w/ a Catholic theologian w/o meeting him.  He attempted to convert her, she resisted and her poem spoke to their discourse.  I don't read Italian but the English translation was beautiful and powerful.
I think calling this place a "museo" is a bit of a stretch...it's really just a small gallery with a single rotating exhibition and a small library in the back.  That said, the current exhibition (for which tomorrow, May 25, is the last day), a series of black-and-white photographs of an area of Sicily known for its Baroque architecture (apparently everything was hastily rebuilt after a 1693 earthquake), won me over.  There's no captions or anything, but I actually prefer Europe (especially eternal travel-mag darlings France and Italy) when it's presented in this minimalist form, rather than in full-color, Under-The-Tuscan-Sun, look-who's-mastered-the-art-of-fine-living promotional journalism.  Anyway, the whole exhibit should run you 45 minutes tops, so best to pair a trip here with some nosing around the other little curiosities on the Fort Mason Piers (lunch at Greens, anyone?).Again, it's only one exhibition at a time, so be sure to check if the current one sounds interesting before you come.
I'm not sure if many people know but this space can be rented for private functions.  Last Saturday night I hosted my 50th birthday party at the Museo.  Susan and the staff were so helpful and the space was perfect for my event.  Additionally, the current exhibit is 'Italian Americans At Bat' featuring Italian Americans influence on Major League Baseball.  As a dedicated SF Giants fan, it could not have been more perfect!
The Italian language course at the Meseo Italo American is not worth the cost. But please go support Italian artist in the gallery.
Stumbled upon this place while taking my son to the art center. Wow, never knew it was here. The current exhibition by Robert Biancalana had some really good pieces and I really enjoyed it. I love that fact that is was a mix of media - some paintings and some sculptures and some wood sculptures. And what a deal on admission - it is free. Not too many places like that anymore were you can see and enjoy quality art for free.
Great hidden treasure in the Fort Mason center. High quality shows for free!
The current exhibition, "From Toscana to Sonoma," are works by Douglas Gayeton. It offers the picture of 'slow life' in a Tuscan town, and the photographs and accompanying captions/written words are really awesome. I definitely suggest taking a look at the exhibit, they're quite unique and open your eyes to a different type of lifestyle. There is also a small gift area. The current exhibition is absolutely beautiful...go.
The people who run this place, especially Paola, the museo's coordinator, are passionate about what they do - and it shows.Check out the museo's current exhibition, photographs by Giuseppe Leone.  They also have interesting classes on Italian art, language, cooking, culture, and history daily.  Become a member, and all the events are free (with a yearly $35-dollar pledge (if you're a student).If you are a student, take advantage of this.  If you are applying to college or grad school, this sort of involvement in the community looks good to recruiters and admissions folk.Check their website for events, and the blog thats currently under construction.museoitaloamericano.org
The Museo at Fort Mason is the best [an least expensive] place in the Bay Area to take Italian lessons. They have a new instructor, Francesca Kautz, who is wonderful. You can also take classes from her through the Museo in Palo Alto.
The only museum in the United States dedicated exclusively to Italian and Italian-American art, sculpture, and photography. The permanent collection is small, but temporary exhibits are often worth a visit, and admission is only $3.00 (free first Wednesday of the month). Currently, the Sunday at the Movies program is presenting a mini-film festival focusing on Hollywood's perceptions of Americans in Italy - "Summertime," "Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell," "Light in the Piazza," and the like. Italian language classes are available - the course is $175 - and upcoming free travel workshops on Tuesday evenings will help you plan itineraries ranging from one week to thirty days. There's a small gift shop, great views of the bay and ample free parking.
This museum is worth a visit if there's a specific artist hanging in the temporary exhibit space that's gotten a good review.  Otherwise, it's quite a bland space/collection.  It's pretty conservative in what it hangs and seems to survive because of low rents in Fort Mason and a dedicated staff of volunteers.
