Really cool place, definitely check it out if you can.  Owner is a nice, fun, friendly guy who reimbursed us for a couple of machines that ate our quarters.  We didn't even need to prove it, and he actually gave us a couple extra dollars on top of the reimbursement.Place has a ton of vintage arcade games to play.  You can just walk around for free, or spend some quarters and have yourself a very fun hour or two.  A must visit.
Musée Mécanique is a cool place to check out if you're around the Fisherman's Wharf. There's free Admission, but you'll need a sack of quarters to have some real fun. There are change machines at the entrance to get quarters. This is a great arcade type place for people that don't really like to waste money playing games. Instead, you can waste money on superstition and try to believe the number of fortunes you're going to have told to you during your visit. Pick a machine, put in a quarter, and cross your fingers (hoping it will work). There is a photo booth to take pictures with friends, they turn out old black and white, better for the complexion. It's convenient if you're down in the Wharf/Ghirardelli area. It's next to some seafood restaurants and a giant Boudin. This is definitely one of the old gems of San Francisco - just for the oddness factor. Go with an open mind and you won't be disappointed by the plethora of old-time arcade games!
The Musee Mecanique is in a old Pier building, the temperature inside depends on what the outside weather is like. The games inside are a combination of old arcade games and antique nickle and penny machines. It is a neat experience being able to see all of these old machines, it is truly an interactive museum. Brought my parents here and they got a huge kick out of seeing and playing games that they remember from their childhood (50s and 60s). It is a fun place for people of all ages with games for multiple skill levels. The building itself is near numerous restaurants and other activities so it can be a part of a fun day out at Fishermans Wharf. Change machines are available and you can ask the attendant to break large bills. There is no public restroom, but there is one in the building across the street (it is a nice clean one).
This place is so cool. So many old antique games. It's so interesting seeing and being able to play them. They go from 25cents to a dollar. And it's free to get inside :)
There's not much that can be said on top of all the other reviews of Musee Mecanique but if you're in the area, it's a must-do. Even if you're not in the area, it's a must do! I lived in SF for 5+ years and never made it here but finally came in for a visit on vacay.Located on the touristy piers, Musee Mechanique doesn't look like much on the outside but inside it's a veritable museum AND arcade of games, entertainment and more. Game machines, fortune telling machines, player pianos ranging from a century back to a handful of current games. Even an old Pong console! It's like a step back through arcade game history. And some of these games pre-date our politically correct sensibilities which can be hliarious...Love the vintage games and fortune tellers, all of these machines have been meticulously maintained and function perfectly. How often do you get to play a game this old?! Really an eye-opening and engaging experience at Musee Mechanique for those that are kids in the heart.
This is totally a hidden gem at Pier 39!  Don't miss out on a world of fun with classic, old school games, ranging from pinball to antique arcade cabinets.  Games are usually fifty cents each and it's a great place for kids including yourself.  There is parking in lots, but it's probably cheaper on the street.  Not much staff is around to prevent you from playing to your heart's content.
The Fisherman's Wharf.  Ahh, the area is starting to grow on me a little.  Yes, it is loaded with touristy things and things that locals may just seem to brush off, but also, there is a lot going for it.  If you peel the onion, there is more to it than just dining, wax figures, and shopping.  There is also history here.  And you can experience it for free.The Musee Mecanique is one of those places.  Nestled on the back side of the wharf (at the front of the actual pier), you can come and go as you please, as this place has free admission.  Bring plenty of dollar bills though, as the machines cost about 25-50 cents to operate.What machines do you ask?  All sorts.  from the arcades in the back to the old time games/machines spread throughout.  It is literally close to a century's worth span of entertainment, housed under one roof.  I live for this kind of stuff.  I have never seen such a vast collection of working vintage machines in my life.  Also shows you how morbid people were back in the day.  I went in with 4 dollars, and easily spent 3 of those on the execution and drinking machines.I think it is also humbling for the younger generations to see this stuff, as they did not have computers and such back in the day.  It was all about gears and switches and all things in between.  Kids really do have it easier these days (especially to pass time!).I don't know if it is just the general age of the equipment or not, but this place does have an interesting smell to it.  If you are a germophobe, I wouldn't recommend coming in here.  I am sure a lot of hands have touched a lot of machines.  But duhh, I guess that holds true for all arcades!I also kind of wish this place stayed open a little later, but oh well.  There are restrooms inside and make sure no food or drink are brought inside.  If you like the history of gaming, check this place out!
This is one of my favorite spots at the Wharf. It's fun to go with friends that are visiting San Francisco. My favorite is the electric shock machine, put it on hard and see how long you can last. Better yet, take out your camera and see how long your friends can last! The highlight of the Museée are the antique exhibits. These are arcades or music boxes that are over 100 years old and you get to see it working! Take some cash with you and use the on-site coin machine to get some quarters.
This place is awesome!! I had wanted to visit this museum for years after seeing it on an episode of Modern Marvels and I finally got to visit back in February. This is the ultimate old-school arcade with some games that are over 100 years old. Everything is coin-operated and some of the old games are just so, so much fun. There are also a lot of short mechanical shows that you can watch for a quarter. It's amazing that these machines are still working and it's so very cool that you can still watch and play them. It's also really cheap and most things cost a quarter, so it's definitely an affordable activity. This is a must-see if you're near Fisherman's Wharf and it's a lot of fun!!
This place will forever hold a special place in my heart, because upon my first time excitedly experiencing the place (I've heard many great things over the years), my fiancé proposed to me and captured the moment in one of the vintage photobooth machines! I definitely felt a complete sense of awe and wonderment walking through the labyrinth of vintage games, old photos, and moving dioramas. It reminded me of my late Grandfather, as he collected similar little things like this and I knew he would've loved this place. My fiancé and I will definitely be coming back here to play more games, have our fortunes read (loved those machines), and tell the story of our engagement to our little humans in the future.
Very interesting arcade!! Lots of cool, old games that you would not be able to find elsewhere. Located right up on the edge of fisherman's wharf, it is set against a background of a WWII submarine and Alcatraz. Tons of games cost only 25 or 50 cents, and some of them are pretty funny (test your passion... what??)Best game for groups is an old hockey Foosball machine in the center. It was super difficult to score, and the four of us had a great time playing it.
This place is amazing!! It transports you back to another time. I feel like Dave & Busters can take a note from this place, because almost every machine works! And some of these guys are pretty old!I suggest taking a loop around first just to admire all the options, and then try a few games. It's incredible to see what games and attractions were popular many years ago, most of which I thought were a little freaky, actually (laughing clowns, strange looking fortune tellers, etc)! Most games are 25-50 cents, which is a steal! We in total spent about $4 for an hour of fun and special memories... great deal in my books!
You have to come here!  Really!! You must!!  It's one of my favorite places to bring out-of-town guests.Visit on the cheap tip: follow other people and look over the shoulders. Let them spend their quarters!  Yes, this would be invading their space.  No, I'm not really suggesting you do this.
Wanna indulge your inner child with throwback games and entertainment? That's exactly what I did on Saturday, September 12th around 3:30pm. Rodney H and I were walking along the Embarcadero and decided to stop by. After all, there's no admission, so why not?Everything was 25-50 cents, I believe. We turned on the Carnival display and the Fun house made of toothpicks. I also raced Rodney in the Horse race game and won! Yay! We ended our brief journey into the past with Laughing Sal, which is one of SF's most nostalgic landmarks. It was originally located at Playland at the Beach from 1940 to 1972, so it's been well preserved. She can be a little scary, but she will laugh for a while, so well worth a couple of quarters.There's something so nostalgic and just plain fun about Musee Mecanique. If you're ever in the area, just stop by. It's free admission after all. Just bring a couple of dollars in case a machine calls to you. Wandering around, you never know what will appeal to the kid in you.
I love this place. I make sure to bring friends visiting from out of town here. The museum is free, but to fully enjoy it be prepared to part with several quarters. Most of the attractions cost .50, some are .25. If you're lucky you can watch on someone else's 'dime'. Ten dollars should be sufficient. Some of the treasures are well over 100 years old. These are the ones I find most interesting. To me they are works of art. I am fascinated just looking at them. For a quarter or fifty cents I get to see the works of a long since passed artist spring to life. The player pianos and calliopes should not be missed. The museum is also filled with current pinball and video games. Out back is a great view of the bay.
I love the smell of old antique furniture! Not to mention, I also love how there's many vintage arcade games to mess with! I can honestly say that Musée Mécanique is a hidden gem Fisherman's Wharf has to offer!Location:MM (Musée Mécanique) is WAY past the street food of Fisherman's Wharf. It's buried in the far back that seems like a sketchy corner. As far as parking goes, good luck trying to find some "free parking"; otherwise, it's best to have some pocket money ready just in case!Ambiance:There are many ages alike from tiny toddlers all the way to elderly folks taking a stroll down their memory lane. On a rainy day, MM gets extremely crowded; plus, it's ideal to eat beforehand because I don't think they allow food and drinks inside their arcade. Otherwise, most of the antique games are in the front and the fairly new arcade games are buried in the far back!Variety of Games:I'm just fascinated by the games a lot of the old folks used to play! However, I bet it would be super creepy to play games here late at night because of the scary looking puppets and what not. A lot of the antique games range from a quarter to a dollar, most of them is to see if you're a good kisser or play a game of antique boxing. As far as the newly updated games, if the little ones think the vintage pieces are boring there's always a couple new ones buried in the back.Overall:I wouldn't mind coming back! Admission is free and I could possibly spend hours and hours of inserting quarters into those games just to watch puppets fight or see a piano play by itself!
A large museum filled with various antique and vintage coin operated games.  Free to enter and for pocket change, you can relive bygone days of automatons and puppetry as entertainment. A lot of the "games" are definitely worth seeing but be forewarned that some do have morbid subject matter (opium den, executions, eg. hangings). Being able to actually try out the antique games was exciting...I mean, how often can one go to a museum and freely touch everything without being thrown out? It was especially interesting to see what people of the past found entertaining e.g. Caribou grazing...which I imagine was as exhilarating as watching National Geographic. It's near a lot of shops (mostly touristy) and cafes, so if you're in the area, definitely check this place out!
So, so fun! I wish arcades were still like this! My favorite parts had to be being able to use simple coins in the machines instead of having to exchange money for tokens.  The games are all authentic, antique arcade games and they're delightful.  I saw people of all ages having a good time, though, I'm pretty sure the Millennials would tire of these after a couple of rounds of the place as the games are pretty archaic and more of a novelty.  I don't know how many people would be attempting to beat a high score on one of these, but hey, you never know.Hubby tried a shooting game, complete with rifle you had to aim, but it appeared that he did not even hit the target, not once.  I wish it had been less crowded and a bit cooler inside.  There's a lot to see, but you have to wait on a lot of them.  If you're a fan of novelties, this would be right up your alley.
This place is totally awesome.Located kinda in the center of fishermans wharf, adjacent to the submarine and WW 2 liberty ship, this is a shrine to arcade games of all descriptions from ancient to modern. They are for the most part fully playable although due to age and abuse some will not be functioning at any given point in time.When I say ancient I'm not kidding some of these functioning machines were made at the dawn of the last century with manufacturing dates of 1896 so or. Like pinball? there is a range of pinball going back to when it was invented, before electronics or magnets. There are perhaps 20 pinball machines scattered thru this place. Amongst many many other fascinating things.Want to see (and experience) how gaming technology developed prior to the computer age? This is the place.They all take quarters, and there are change machines scattered throughout the sizable establishment. No attendants present so whatever tour you'll do will be entirely up to you. The more significant exhibits-can you call something an exhibit if it's functioning and accessible to anyone?-have little plates explaining the context and the history of the machine in question. Assuming that you may not enjoy the two hours of pinball that your spouse or child is going to try to pull off, there's side doors leading to benches with a great view of the bay, and usually there's some kind of street entertainment out front on the sidewalk.A fantastic and whimsical addition to fisherman's wharf.Great for children and emotionally immature adults of all ages.
Found Musee Mecanique a few years back when the kids and I were exploring Pier 45, ( we checked out the submarine in the area) and walked in Musee Mecanique and just had a blast, and now every time  I am in the city, I stop by Musee MecaniqueIt's an arcade, but so much cooler than a normal arcade, there is working history in this arcade, games from the roaring 20's to now. Some are just a quarter and go all the way up to 75c. They have so many interesting games, you can watch the big earthquake, can check out an XXX video (it's really just a lady chasing a man in is undies with a fryin pan), when you walk in you can't miss Laffin Sal (she is huge and some say creepy), there are some normal games, but the ones I like are the ones you didn't expect to see as a game, like the handing or execution, for 25c you can see a doll hang or get beheaded, you also can spend 25c and watch some men at the Opium Den, I get a kick out of things like this, these were considered games back in the day, blows my mind haha. In the middle of the arcade is a huge lay out of a carnival, it has the rides, the big tents, people it's at least 4 to 5 feet long and 3 ft wide,  and for 50c you can watch the entire carnival come to life, it's pretty cool.Musee Macanique has become a favorite of mine and hope others enjoy it too!
If you don't like this place, then you're my mom. Seriously, free admission and a lot of vintage (and some modern) arcade games. If you don't feel like spending quarters to play the machines, then simply walking around the building is fun by itself! This place has got to be subsidized by the city because everything is super inexpensive. Definitely a great place to visit, whether you're a local or a visitor!
Awesome place to play SUPER antique arcade games. These are very dated games and most of which I've never seen. There even was one on the opium war haha. There are a few just for display and a few for a very cheap price to play (25 cents or so).  This place is like an interactive antique museum. There are a few games in the very back that are according to the present day but I barely saw anyone go to play there. Even I wasn't interested in those. Definitely a great place to immerse yourself for an hour or two. My friends and I absolutely loved the boxing ring one. It's actually pretty difficult and worth the 25cents per game. We laughed so hard and I don't think I've ever wanted to play an arcade game so many times. The only reason we stopped was because I other people wanted to try. #1 game! haha. I also got a gypsy fortune telling. I stood there thinking she would speak the words of wisdom since she did begin to move her lips but a card popped out instead. I would also recommend this one because it doesn't seem as cliche as the ones you would see at the mall.  The card was also surprisingly thick and I still carry it with me.
This was in a strange little corner of Fisherman's Wharf. I wouldn't have known it was there if I hadn't been walking directly in front of it. I'm glad we saw it and stopped in though. It's filled with old coin operated machines, fortune tellers, picture shows, and my personal favorite, the British Execution. For a quarter you can watch odd looking little doll people attend a hanging. A door opens, another odd little doll counts to three while a poor doll with a hood over his head and a noose around his neck awaits his sad fate. There's no happy ending here. Once the count is done the floor opens beneath the hooded doll's feet and he drops, one can only assume to his death since the door closes at that point. We didn't stay long, it's not really a destination, more of a place to stop in, but I'm happy we did. They have lots of the silly penny press machines so we each made a couple. It was a fun place to kill 10-15 minutes.
The Musée Mécanique is truly a museum of hands-on fun.The arcade games span the decades with some dating back nearly 100 years.Some of the games are truly bizarre by our standards (e.g., paying 25 cents to watch small figurines in an opium den).  The standards of entertainment were so different before modern electronics and it's fascinating to think about the shock value that some of these machines provided (e.g, pay 25 cents to see a horrible monster).There are plenty of nostalgic electronic games (pong, Ms PacMan) that will provide lots of playing time and fun.For anyone visiting Fisherman's Wharf, the Musée Mécanique offers a truly unique experience.
An amazing, privately owned collection of all sorts of games and machines - many of which are only a quarter to play!I've lived in the Bay Area my entire life but didn't visit Musee Mecanique until very recently... shame on me. The arcade features machines from waaaay back when as well as some new/modern ones too. Some of the viewing machines are only a dime to start. I love old, antique stuff so I'm still surprised as to why I had never been here.This is a fun spot to spend a few hours in, visiting and using all the machines. There are a lot of sexual ones that are actually pretty funny when you look at them - some are just films, most are like kissing tests or measures your adequacy. A lot of cool fortune telling machines too - I got mine from the grandma next to Laughing Sal (which I admit, is terrifying to me!). Cheap fun - although the quarters can add up. There are change machines on site.
Ladies and Gentlemen. Hurry hurry, step right up to the greatest show in town. This is not your grandma's arcade!  Well, perhaps it's your great grandma's arcade... Come see the bizarre attractions of the Musée Mécanique. This one-of-a-kind landmark features functioning arcade games and attractions from the early 1900s for only a quarter per play.Let your curiosity abound as you witness a french execution for only a quarter!  See a horrible terrifying monster, find out what the belly dancer does on her day off, or visit the Opium Den.  The first time you come, you may just spend the whole visit taking it all in. You will truly feel as though you were transported to another time.  The best part is seeing the millennials and young generations enjoying these antique amusements so much-- they leave their modern devices in their pockets!
The next time you find yourself at Fisherman's Wharf and have done all the touristy things, visited the gift shops that are all the same, spent too much money on dining and clam chowder, are tired of dodging the bums and panhandlers, and are looking for something that is uniquely fun and different to do, be sure to stop by Musée Mécanique.It is located a little off the beaten path on what it sort of the back side of the wharf, at the front of the actual pier.  There is no admission cost, and the place is a living museum of arcade machines of days gone by.  Of course, if you are so inclined you can play the games, most of which are in the 25 to 50 cent range.  The place is huge and clean, and one can easily spend several  hours there for just a little green.The variety and selection of machines is unbelievable.  There are rows and rows of games from around 100 years ago to the not-too-distant past.  Almost every one is in working condition.  Some are hokey, some are fascinating, some are morbid, some are fun while others are not, and all are interesting in one way or another, especially when you think about when they were made and who their audience was at the time.Fortune telling machines, video games, pinball machines, baseball games, boxing games, bowling machines, test your strength contests, shooting skill games, photo booths, player pianos, Mutoscope "movie" viewers , love testers, too-odd-to-put-into-words machines . . . they are all here!  Dozens and dozens, row after row!Musée Mécanique is a good place for singles, families, explorers, people on dates, and folks young and old to visit.  There truly is something for everyone who is willing to take the time to casually stroll up and down all the aisles.  As many fortune teller machines there might predict . . . an unusual and wonderful experience awaits you there.
Very fun so surprised it doesn't have more reviews! Living history and mostly really old machines.
Awesome place to kill some time and visit while you're in San Francisco. Please don't forget to use hand sanitizer or wash your hands when you are done using the machines or playing games. Trust me.
Musee Mecanique is so freaking amazing! They're located in Fisherman's Wharf, but off the beaten path of the hustle and bustle of that area. I would have never noticed them if my boyfriend hadn't pointed it out and suggested going in. Admission here is FREE, but bring about $5-10 so you can enjoy all the old school arcade games. All games are either 25 or 50 cents, so you can enjoy most games for $10. There are games here from the late 1800's and early 1900's that are amazing, yet oh-so-creepy. Want to see a Buffalo eat a dead Indian? Want to see people high in an Opium Den? Want to see people get executed? Want to see campers fart? You can see ALL of that here. Some may not be suitable for young children, but older children and adults will either get a good laugh or a "WTF" moment from most of the games here. I still can't believe what people considered "fun" over 100 years ago. Plus, I loved seeing how games have evolved over the years. They also have more "modern" games from the 1980's, so if you're a child of the 80's or 90's, you will get a kick out of reliving your childhood. I'd recommend spending at least one hour here to get the full experience. The two times my boyfriend came here, they were busy, but not overbearing, so we were able to see all that we wanted to see. Also, unrelated to Musee, but if you walk out their back doors, you have a pretty amazing view of the Bay and it's not crowded at all. Come here, check it out and have some cheep fun!!!Cheers!
This place is awesome. In addition to many arcade games from the early to mid 1900's, there is also a bevy of arcade games from my childhood (the 80's). I ecstatically played Millipede, Centipede, Galaxian and threw a few quarters into fun old-time games like "Opium Den", "The Barbershop 'Quart'", "Old Time Basketball", "Saw Mill", "Skeeball", "Air Hockey" and something to do with a "Guillotine". There are so many fun games to play and interesting games to look at, it is definitely worth stopping in.
This is a one of a kind museum that should not be missed.  The location is right behind the center of Fisherman's Wharf.  Find the FW sign and just head to the water.I had no idea what to expect, but when I entered my entire childhood flashed before my eyes.  An amazing assortment of video, pinball and old time mechanical games is crammed into this large space.  You will not believe the variety of machines and as a bonus...they all actually work!I saw games from the 1920's and every decade going forward.  Some of questionable taste in today's society, but they paint a picture of the times.My favorites that I saw was the dancing clown (from my really early childhood) To my favorite video game "Death Race."  (A sick driving game where the object is to run gremlins over which turn into tombstones)Get your clam chowder and then head in...
This place is rad.It's not really a museum, it's an arcade!  Yeah, there are some really old (1800s!) machines you can check out.  A lot of them are silly and dumb.  But there's something super cool about hitting an actual metal ball when playing a baseball game.  It's awesome to see that some of these things that entertained people decades ago are still fun to modern audiences.They also have some Atari arcade classics, and even some more recent games, like a "Terminator: Salvation" shooter.Most every game costs 50 cents, and there are change machines on site.This would also be an awesome date spot.If you're in San Francisco, you must take time to visit Musée Mécanique!
What a fun place to wander for an hour with some friends! Let Laughing Sal greet you and take a step back in time here. Enjoy the more simple pleasures and put your cell phone on silent to minimize distraction. Beautiful and functional interactive arcade museum. If you are up there in age this place will bring back memories, if your a young kid, dont hesitate to take Dad or Grandma. Watch them light up as they walk down memory lane. If youve got young kids take them here so they better appreciate current technology and games.
This was an interesting stop on journey walking through Pier 39. This large, warehouse like structure houses tons of old arcade games and antique wooden puppets, fortune tellers. I saw some cool and creepy things. Its free, but you need quarters to play the games, which luckly they have change machines. Its a nice free thing to do. A lot of the dolls and puppets are creepy. If you are a fan of side show attractions and freak shows, you will like it. I certainly did.
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE. Sorry for the caps but that's how much I loved it!!!Came here by recommendation of a friend and I was shocked this even still existed. It is pure antique, vintage heaven in here. We had brought 3 little kids with us yet even they enjoyed themselves (though there are no great special effects).The perk is everything is about .25 to .50 to operate, not bad!  So I pretty much tried every machine I wanted to. It was amazing to see all these machines, some in great condition, some not so great. Also, it was funny how ridiculous some were. It really is a step back into the past. They also have some newer things like air hockey tables, etc. but I was stuck in the 1920's for a while there and it was amazing (and slightly creepy). I will definitely return and recommend anyone who loves nostalgia to definitely check this spot out!!!
I think the best times you often have on vacation are what happens when you least expect them to. (Or maybe I just secretly love surprises way more than I think I do? Hmmm..) We were strolling around Fisherman's Wharf and exploring some of the other areas and I had this place bookmarked and read about it somewhere but it wasn't on my list of must dos. When I saw it out of the corner of my eye when we walked by, I was elated and grabbed Pumpkie so we could go check it out! It's amazing! I loved it and it was like it was made for me! Tons and tons of vintage arcade games! I'm not talking pac-man old - although there was one of those machines (although I would put that in the "newer" machines category) but tons of really old vintage machines from the late 1800s and early 1900s. It's so amazing to see them in action! I was seriously amazed and loved everything! :)There were tons of "execution" machines - most of them representing the French Revolution - lots of heads being chopped. I thought they were really interesting! They must have been fascinated with this topic! Tons of penny press machines! I collect them so I was definitely able to get a handful here as well! Fun! And lots of quarter change machines so I could get some quarters for the penny machines around too! There were tons of interesting machines but here are some of my personal favorites:Lots of romance/love meters! Hahaha! Even one that was a chair! Hilarious! And it made for a hilarious video! A crazy strong lucho libre - there's even a warning on the machine - to arm wrestle with. I couldn't even do the first level! Speaking of crazy strength, there was also this crazy silver sledgehammer one where you had to pull and push these two handles to raise the hammer and have it hit the bell when the hammer dropped (you know - carnival style) and I couldn't even raise it one inch. Pumpkie had to take over mine after he made it look so easy! Craziness! Way too difficult! Tons of old fortune machines! Lots of old puppetry! A few of those old movie things you look in and turn the handle. The XXX one was hilarious - (just a woman beating up a guy who tried to touch her)! Also, a little duck bowling lane! Fun! But just lots of just really interesting old machines! Go and check it out - especially if you love old things! I loved loved loved it! :)
You can spend hours here easily. It has all the classic arcade game machines. It's free admission, and all the games are super cheap to play. Most are a quarter or two quarters; a few of them only cost a dime to play.It's such a cheap and super fun entertainment. We were strolling along the wharf and came across this museum, and couldn't be happier. Highly recommend it
This museum is super cool. My friend saw it on a tv show and we decided to check it out when we were in San Francisco. It was worth adding it to our trip!  It's a little cramped, but it's worth snaking through the machines and spending the quarter it costs to activate them. Some of them are so creepy, it's awesome. I would recommend having your video camera ready and bring plenty of quarters.
What a cool place. Sure it has modern games as any arcade but what's so great is that you can experience and play on 40, 50, 70 year old or more games. Many are really fun! The kids gravitated to the typical violent gun games but when they saw the adults playing the old world games, they wanted to play too! They quickly lost interest in the newer games and spent their quarter allowance on the old games. The owner and staff are very supportive when there's a problem with the old games. A lot of fun!
TL;DR:  If you're not a dick, it's impossible not to love this place.I now wish I were a little more restrained with my 5-star reviews, because this place truly stands out in the world. The owner, Dan Zelinsky, is the magic that makes this wonderful place what it is. I was having a rough night and happened to walk past. After spending half an hour there I was lucky enough to meet Dan, who demonstrated his passion and knowledge of the old machines, leaving me to walk out the door with a smile and sense of thorough, bubbly satisfaction I've rarely experienced since childhood.
I LOVE this spot. Perfect for a fun date, bring friends from out of town or for families. My boyfriend and I found this spot while strolling around the wharf area on a sunny afternoon. If you are a local and feeling touristy come here. Games range from 25 cents + so bring a couple quarters and play some fun games. Old school skee ball, fortune tellers, music boxes, like a weird carnival form back in the day - pretty entertaining!
Truly a historical site, filled with antique arcade games revealing a taste of, as they say, "games that are older than you". Most machines are 25 cents with the occasional 50 cent Ms. Pac Man, which is a steal compared to arcades these days. I can spend hours at this place packfull of cheap, fun arcade games.
This is a fun place for adults and children! I absolutely loved playing the old school games. It's $.25-1.50 per game. There are the classics : the love tester, arm wrestler and kiss-o-meter.  Some of them are quite wicked, especially the Guillotine. It's easy it spend half an hour wandering around.
This place is truly a treasure of Fisherman's Wharf. A bit of a hidden one, too, but a fantastic way to spend some time - whether you have no cash and are just walking around or you've got a fistful of quarters for an afternoon of games. There are attractions and games here that have been around since the 1800's, along with more recent classics like Pac Man, Skee Ball, or Whack-a-Mole. Entrance is free, and most games cost $.25-$.50; there are change machines if you only have cash. No food or drink allowed inside, but it's usually fine to just tuck your soda somewhere near the door while you walk around. A great place for dates, families, or a solo trip. Awesome history and fun - perfect entertainment for both your history buff and arcade nerd. :-)
Always such a great time when visiting! Especially if you were a fan of princess diaries. Definitely my favorite thing to do at fishermans wharf!
Though the entrance is pretty sketchy and the museum is basic (a warehouse), checking out all the old school games/machines is a pretty fun way to spend an hour. Even better if you're willing to splurge out on the 25¢ each to actually put the machines in motion.Mon-Fri 10:00am-7:00pmSat-Sun 10:00am-8:00pmHolidays 10:00am-8:00pm
The atmosphere created by Musée Mécanique is perfect for tourists and gamers. My girlfriend and I visited this arcade during our short trip in San Francisco. The arcade is located in Fisherman's Wharf and compliments arcade games of all kinds, especially old school arcade games from the 1920s and 1930s. There are plenty of change machines located throughout the arcade, but make sure your dollars are not crumpled or wrinkly because the change machines are very sensitive. We really wanted to play the arm wrestling game, but it was not working and ate a couple of our quarters. We took photos in the photo booth, which took about 5 minutes to develop, but were definitely worth it. The games we enjoyed the most were Down a Clown, Air Hockey, and Foosball. When we go back to San Francisco, we will definitely visit Musée Mécanique to play as many games as we can.
This is one of the first recommendations I make to anyone just visiting San Francisco. I'm fascinated by all these old machines, especially the puppet shows and nickelodeons. Bring a pocket of quarters (and a few nickels, dimes, and pennies) and just explore!
One of my favorite spots by Fisherman's Wharf. It has the archaic vibe but a fun childish atmosphere, and a couple games I wouldn't mind paying for. I especially love the old photo booths. It's a step into the past that allows me to remember to appreciate the old and the new. Also, if you're a fan of the Princess Diaries, there was a film scene set here.
I've always wanted to go this place cause of the movie Princess Diaries! I was soooo excited when I found out it was just in pier 39. Me and my cousin were playing with the many games. We tried the arm wrestingl game that Julie Andrews played! HahaSo fun! They have like arcade games from the old times. Im definitely coming back again so I can feel like Mia Thermompolis~ haha parking is super expensive at the pier tho. So try to look for cheaper options.
My friends and I joked that this is the "most expensive free museum" we've been to.  As with any arcade,  it's easy to spend money without realizing it. Our favorites were the old-school mechanical and picture machines,  but there's  also a selection of 70s-90s video arcade games that are great, especially for nostalgic purposes. Whoever put together the collection had a kitschy, sarcastic,  wry sense of humor that we thoroughly enjoyed.
I don't know how I haven't heard about this place before today, but it is amazing!  I wandered in here after noticing the sign for free admission.  The first thing a saw when I walked in was another Laffin Sal.  I recently saw my first one in Santa Cruz and I was fascinated by her creepiness.  Little did I know she would just be the beginning to the macabre delights housed within the Musee Mecanique.  There are a mixture of old and newer games here, but the true standouts to me were the vintage amusements.  Most of the machines appeared to be only a quarter to play.  Some had minimal animation, but some were quite intricate.  Many of them were about some pretty dark material.  The were plenty of execution games represented in this collection.  I love things that are eerie, and old dolls and marionettes definitely fit the bill.  If quirky, old amusements aren't your thing, there are also some classic games anyone would enjoy.  Skee ball, air hockey, and a bevy of 80's arcade fodder are some.  This will be a must for me whenever I wander down near Fisherman' Wharf again.
Im still sad they are no longer at the Cliff House, I used to go there monthly with my dad as a child. But this new location is HUGE, and they made use of all that space by bringing out even more machines!!The only downside is parking, we paid over $20 in parking to go spend $20 on playing games! Take the bus instead! 47 Van Ness gets you the closest, or the F Market trolly!
For some reason I had always thought this place was a museum about automobiles.  Stepping in it reminded me a lot of Sam's Town in Placerville back in the early 90s with a huge array of games everywhere!  The games were mostly very old, I assume around the turn of the century sprinkled with more modern video games (modern yet still about 30 years old) like Pole Position and Spy Hunter.  Some of the games were kind of weird and disturbing maybe for the faint of heart like the execution ones or the opium den.  Those were my favorite because I don't know where else you can find anything like that.  It's a definite must to check out if you are in the area.
This place is 100% worth going to. I love old things and this place tops them all. You can see things here you can't see anywhere else and it's true museum quality stuff right on the pier! You pretty much have to go by it to get to the other touristy stuff.Worth it. No money to stop in, but the machines will cost. Choose wisely.
Came here this past Saturday night and this place was packed! I've been here a few times in the past and it's normally very quiet, but I would normally come during the weekdays and during the day. This place has a lot to offer and some things that are just plain strange which you will waste a quarter on. For example. Animatronic buffalo's standing over the corpse of a dead Native American. I thought I was going to see the buffalo actually do something when I put my quarter in, but instead they just shook a little. Still, that's the novelty of this place. You don't know what you're going to get. Even paid a quarter for an old man trying to appease a crying baby. I guess this what passed for entertainment a hundred years ago. They have some new Arcades as well as the game where you have Fester from Adam's Family shock you until your hands hurt. This place has so much to offer and at the same time it doesn't. It's a whacky world here and I like it!You can also pay a quarter to watch a hanging as well as people waste away in a opium den. No joke.
This has to be the coolest museum we found while on our vacation. There are so many antique games in this building. We watched an old fashioned execution. Cost a quarter and totally hillarious! We also got a real old fashioned photo booth photo taken, took the entire five minutes and was my very first photo booth photo. We enjoyed wandering around and seeing all the cool old games.Admission is free to browse, but you will need money to play any of the games.
If it wasn't for me exploring Fisherman's Wharf I would have never discovered Musée Mécanique. Nestled along the water is an old warehouse which is now home to old arcade games which are decades old. All of the games are the old school mechanical type, and most likely be more in line with something from your parents or grandparents childhood than yours.This place is pure history and is a great way to spend an afternoon, be sure to bring enough pocket change so you can give every game a try. Most of the games are only a quarter, however there are a few that cost slightly more. I don't think I ever saw anything that cost any more than 75 cents. This is a must do for anyone visiting San Francisco, it is a truly unique destination with nothing else like it anywhere.
Good God its like I died and went to heaven. I have a love for vintage arcades and this one did not let me down!!!!!They have mutoscopes (the one where you crank or just automatically "plays" a movie), strength games, miniatures, photo booths, and some old pinball games. It is all for me to enjoy. The museum is free but only a quarter or a few for some machines. Give the kids a lesson in history when you had to go out and play a game. My favorite is the buffalo ritual in which a heard of buffalo moving. Also the circus is a good one. Its at the end of the wharf so you can start at it or end at it. I recommend it to all even though its in a part of the tourist trap of the wharf.
A blast from the past that is more of a museum than an arcade. If you're into old school arcades and just looking at early era inventions then this place is for you! If you're like myself and looking for that nostalgic childhood feeling then stop by and spend your money elsewhere. Nonetheless, this place is a cool place to visit if you're in San Francisco.
Wow what a cool, albeit a little creepy, place! So many old fashioned games. I'd be careful bringing the little kids in here though, not your typical arcade. The games are old and I mean real old, this place is more like a cool antic shop so you have to be gentle with them and some are just downright creepy looking. I've never seen anything like it before. It kind of takes you back in the days just imagining that these were the games that they had in the arcades before computers existed. Insanity! The creativity was amazing and the construction of these thing just astounding. They really put a lot of effort into making these games, no wonder we can still play with them to this day!Definitely check this place out and experience the past! So many cool coin press machines too that are only 50 cents which is a lot cheaper than the other tourist attractions along the piers. We paid $1 at a store at Pier 39 and didn't have great options. Oh and bring cash because these old games only take quarters.
A fantastic little find near the wharf. Loaded with old time games, including pinball. A great spot for kids, or big kids
This place is amazing, it's one of the few places within San Francisco; that both tourists and locals alike can enjoy hours of entertainment without going broke. Admission is always free, and as soon as you walk through the doors; it feels like you have just stepped out of an arcade time machine. This place has tons of mechanical exhibits from the earlier part of the 20th century that operate on 25-75 cents each or if you prefer; you can look around and track down some more modern games that still cost less than $1 per play.
If you were a fan of the twilight zone or those x-files or  tales from the creep tv show, this is the place for you...well not to scare you or such but to inspire you to make up your own stories and wonder what histories lies beneath...especially if you were alone in this place you would definitely have that creepy vibe on it but if its crowded its certainly a blast from the past.First and foremost admission is FREE! That being said should bring a smile to most people-on-a budget like me! When you do come in it is like a warehouse filled with old arcade games, circus machines, antique animatronics and more. You do need a pocket-ful of quarters to try some of them. Hubby liked going around and trying the hammer challenge, those ones you see in country fairs. He also loved the vintage motorcycle display. I specially liked the barbershop quartet animatronics where these wooden dolls would move around as they sing their songs...soooo cool! We didnt get to stay there for long since it was crowded but it is certainly enjoyable to go to. Downside is the outside of the building  was smelly and dirty...and the entrance is on the side facing the bay so you wouldn't discover the place unless you pass by the big ship museum in front of it.
WOW did I write this??  I'm super embarrassed!  Typical perspective from someone who was still new to the city!Musee Mecanique is one of the best and last fixtures of SF that is an absolute must.  Check out the Opium Den and French Execution penny-arcade machines, as well as the last real-film photo booth in the city. Also, there are modern arcade games in the back- quite a good selection of classics like Spy Hunter and (oh yes) the old Star Wars upright. This is a wonderful and beloved vestige of an age past and well missed.  Love this place.Please forgive me for my previous review... people can grow.
How cool!   Old and 90's vintage machines that go back as far as the 1800's!!!   We played an assortment and most are $.50 each to play.  Check it out as we're going back for the simple fun!
This place is such a gem!I accidently stumbled upon this place, when I was in the Fisherman's Wharf area. It had a sign outside saying something along FREE admission. I like free, so I decided to go in. And it was the best decision!There are many many antique to modern arcade/coin operated games! Even though some of them do not function properly anymore, they are all still amusing to look at. Such craftmanship, much wow. There was not a single moment in which I was not amused. There is always something for everyone.Only regret I have is not having enough quarters! So folks, bring lots of quarters!I will be coming back to entertain my eyes again. Definitely bring your children, friends and tourists here!
This place is so bad A$$ I dunno how else to describe it!!!!Almost every trip I make near the Pier in SF I try to stop by this place.I love the machines the old coin operated arcade games as well as just the coin operated entertainment machines.Some are simple some are what would be considered controversial now.Back when these were made nobody though of the term Politically Correct.The detail of some of the machines here is incredible.Put a quarter or a couple of quarters in and BAM you can watch a whole carnival in action but you are also paying for others to watch it as well.You can put money in and watch a giant paper mache made fat lady just laugh at you....You can watch old flip book style videos...It's endless and you come back again and again...just to enjoy the nostalgic items here...This is a definite stop if you are ever in SF and want to see something historical and fun...
Strolling around Fisherman's Wharf after our Golden Gate Bay Tour, the ladies and I stumbled upon Musée Mécanique, which means "mechanical museum." Musée Mécanique is a private collection of antique coin-operated automated machines.  What an interesting experience!As with everything in the city, there's a lot of history in this little warehouse.  To be honest, it's actually a little scary.  Old antique games of Grandmother's Fortune Telling and arm wrestling games stare at you from every corner.  It's a maze of glass eyes that follows your every movement and it's a bit creepy!  The photobooths are kind of fun but when is a photobooth NOT fun?  Everything, even this mechanical horse I got to ride, functions well and if it doesn't, there's an on-site maintenance guy there to always lend you a helping hand.  Games range from .25-.75 cents so bring some quarters and have some fun!It's an interesting collection of items here and worth a visit if you're in the area.  Entrance is free so why the heck not?  Try not to get nightmares of Grandmother doing eerily accurate fortune telling or of hillbilly statues laughing maniacally at you at the entrance.  Oy!
This is one of the best activities to do in San Francisco. We spent $11 here over the course of an hour and a half and had a blast. We only had $1.50 eaten by the machines which is good considering how old the machines are. We loved playing the mind reading games and then some of the old football games were cool as well.Wish the Foosball games used the full weighted balls and not ping pong balls which made it not as fun. Got to play some pac man as well!If you are visiting San Francisco I would make it a point to stop by here or even go out of my way to come here. Admission is free so if you just want to look around it's interesting as well.
This place was so fun!! Great place to kill a couple of hours at. Every game was about 25 to 50 cents. Loved the short execution scenes! This place brought back old memories of playing air hockey and pacman at the arcades! If you are going play street fighter just a heads up, the joy stick doesn't work very well. You have to visit this place at least once if you are visiting San Francisco. Great place to take your children, minus the x-rated movie scenes and the execution scenes.
Unique and fun experience! Old school games, most run on a quarter. I spent a good 1.5 hrs being entertained on a visit to fishermans wharf. The giant clown one they have at the entrance is pretty creepy though. They have change machines throughout the place, and "modern" arcade games in the very back (modern meaning pac-man, galaga, metal slug, etc). Some machines are $.50 if not more, but majority are a quarter. Some of my favorites are the huge displays that show a scene like "a day at the fair" type of deal and you see a miniature fair with working lights, stalls, and a Ferris wheel. Cool place to pop in with a date
This place is a cute way to kill a half hour and some quarters. Some very unique games in here that you won't find anywhere else. It's a little musty and smelly, but that's part of history, I guess.If you're visiting SF from far away, I'd definitely visit. It's something to see for sure and to tell people back home about.
This place was so cool, my girlfriend and I have been talking about it for a week. Definitely a must do in the touristy fisherman's wharf area. Most of the older "games" were 25 cents. We had a blast in this place, took about 45 minutes to see the whole thing, stopping for most of the games. It was unique and perfect for history buffs. If the olden days had a Dave and Busters, it would be this. If only they had boooze, this place could easily be a really popular hipster bar. My favorites were watching the puppets do Opium, and all the old burlesque shows. They have a change machine and a photo booth too.
One can get an idea of what some indoor forms of entertainment were like about 100 years ago.After walking through the foyer area, you are greeted by "Laughing Sal" (stationed to the left). As others have mentioned, Laughing Sal has a menacing laugh. I can't help but be fixated upon him.There were many other mechanical relics from the same time period, as well as video games from the 1980's and 1990's. Skeeball and air hockey were my highlights.
Coolest arcade in the world, lots of old (only old) games. most are a quarter and can have hours of fun for cheep in San Fran.Its in the heart of the Wharf right on the water, lots of great food right outside as well. Not sure what else i can say about this place other then its fun and i highly recommend it lol.
Wow, this place is really cool. It's a private collection of coin-operated games, ranging from old games from the early 20th century, through more modern games like light shooters. It's free to go in and most games range from 25 to 75 cents to play. It's definitely a cool place to check if you're at Fisherman's Wharf, highly recommended!
My boyfriend & I found this little gem while walking through Fisherman's Wharf. Cool place of old-fashioned games - many are just 25 cents. Its amazing that these games have survived this long!
Omg. This place is so cool.  It's a museum is a history tribute to video games and other old attractions. They have ski ball and fooseball.  They also have pac man and race games from the 80s and 90s. The real fun is seeing these games or attractions from the early 1900s. They were what we would call boring. The end of the trail game was literally a covered wagon with wind blowing.  There was a mechanical circus. It's interesting for kids and adults of all ages.
