I didn't go for any gallery. I actually didn't realize they had them. However, I went in for some help with a class project on Japantown I am working on and decided to see if there was any information here.Upon entering, I was greeted by Rachel working the front desk. After explaining what I was doing, she recommended some materials and called one of the board members who lives nearby to put me in touch with him. I thought I was going to connect later, but after a few minutes passed, Ken Kaji, an architect and urban designer by trade and longtime resident and advocate of Japantown sat down with me to discuss the spatial, social, political, and cultural issues that have simmered in the area.I left feeling completely in awe of what I have heard. So much information in an area so rich, with such easy access.I am a fan of this place. The fact that a by-chance stop became an important meeting was just amazing.And they gave me a student discount on the pamphlets I purchased!
This place just makes me sad. It's feels really old and worn down. Super nice people and interesting exhibit but it doesn't seem like they have many resources (for the exhibits). The Blossoms & Thorns took me only 10 minutes to see the photos and there was no broader context around WWII, internment, or anything like that. It may be better as a research center than a museum or gallery.PEACE GALLERY HOURSMONDAY - FRIDAY from 12 - 5 PM1ST SATURDAY OF EVERY MONTH FROM 12 - 5 PM
Not a Museum.. but more like an educational gallery. Rosalyn, the Executive Director here, has been a dedicated facet of the community for years.... their volunteer, Peter, is the unofficial "Mayor of Japantown"- (...but don't tell others in the neighborhood, as others like to claim the title.!) This tiny nonprofit was born from the work of the 442nd regiment, which was the highly decorated Japanese American regiment that fought against Japan in WWII.  Politics aside, the dedication and courage that these men (now in their 80s and 90s) had is something that I admire... and continue to support. Now they focus their work on educational programs for schools and universities reflecting on the Japanese American experience in the Internment camps located throughout the United States.They are also working on a partnership with the National Parks Service, in developing an educational program at Building 640, on Crissy Field in the Presidio... (I'm excited!) To leave you with some hard numbers that speak volumes, in my opinion:Internment Camps and Japanese Americans InternedAmache (Granada), COOpened: August 24, 1942.Closed: October 15, 1945.Peak population: 7,318. Gila River, AZOpened July 20, 1942. Closed November 10, 1945.Peak Population 13,348. Heart Mountain, WYOpened August 12, 1942.Closed November 10, 1945.Peak population 10,767.Jerome, AROpened October 6, 1942.Closed June 30, 1944.Peak population 8,497. Manzanar, CAOpened March 21, 1942.Closed November 21, 1945.Peak population 10,046.Minidoka, IDOpened August 10, 1942. Closed October 28, 1945.Peak population 9,397. Poston (Colorado River), AZOpened May 8, 1942. Closed November 28, 1945.Peak population 17,814. Rohwer, AROpened September 18, 1942. Closed November 30, 1945.Peak population 8,475.Topaz (Central Utah), UTOpened September 11, 1942. Closed October 31, 1945.Peak population 8,130.Tule Lake, CAOpened May 27, 1942. Closed March 20, 1946.Peak population 18,789.By no means is this a 100% complete list: Ft Lincoln in Bismarck, N Dakota: Snow Country Prison Exhibit Opening Brings Internees Back to Internment Camp by Martha Nakagawa Bismarck, N.D.-- "Gitterkrankheit--the fence sickeness." It is a term coined by three German Americans -- Dr. Eddie Friedman, Dr. Arthur Sonnenberg and Wolfgang Thomas.The three, along with more than 3,850 people of German and Japanese ancestry, had been inmates of a Department of Justice (DOJ) Camp at Fort Lincoln in Bismarck, N.D., during World War II. Friedman described "the fence sickness" to author John Christgau in this way: "After you've been behind barbed wire for a long time, even if you know you've done nothing wrong, a part of you begins to feel like a criminal. Once you get out, it's not something you want to talk about." The story of this "fence sickness" is captured in a new exhibit that opened Oct. 4 at the former DOJ camp site titled, "Snow Country Prison: Interned in North Dakota." Interspersed in the exhibit are translated haiku poems of former Bismarck internee Itaru Ina, whose bitterness and sorrow put into words the "fence sickness" described by Friedman, a German Jew who escaped one of Hitler's death camps only to be incarcerated in a U.S. style concentration camp in America.
We stopped by here because, well I'm Japanese American. It's a nice little office space and the time we visited they had a small exhibit on cartoons and the Japanese American experience. We bought a few children's books that explains about the internment camps, which we though was awesome. They have books and such for purchase. I would suggest just stopping by, just to look around. They have offices in back and upstairs. Parking is on the street if you can find one or in the Japantown parking structure.
this place is opened m-f ,  1-5?they have many exhibits here.- njahs is "dedicated to the collection, presentation, authetic intrepretation, and storage of historical information of the japanese american experience."not just history but cultural things also. it's like anything you ever wanted to know about japanese american people.
for my teaching credential program, my professor had a little field trip for everyone to the national japanese american historical society since we were discussing the japanese internment camps. a old gentleman, shared with us his experience in a camps when he was a younger fellow. very informative. it's great that this group is educating people on the past.the actual location is pretty cool. they have a lot of japanese artists' work all around. from comics to paintings. it was very impressive to look at.
Such a unique place which offers soo much to the community - I wish more people knew about what is there!  Their services keep expanding, most recently a walking tour of Japantown!!
