Decent piece of grass to play catch in, the kids playground that's part of it separated by a fence is sweet for families with dogs - I often see sweet dogs watching their tiny brothers and sisters patiently by the fence. It's kept clean, no glass or trash on the grass, which is nice and the crowd that frequent the park are usually nice, minding their own. Not a park to get a ton of exercise though some dog owners will use the tennis courts to play catch without disturbing anyone, if it's not already reserved, of course.
ARF arf. NOT a great place for dogs. It's right on 24th Street with traffic on 3 sides, no gates or fencing. And it's small so the little fur babies could easily run out into the street and.....CURTAINS! Too many kids running around at the speed of light, noisy skate boards, busses, autos and the never ending sound of Noe Valley construction in stereo. Not a park experience I'd recommend, except to my enemies.
Inside the playground gates: great park for toddlers. Two bucket swings, large sand box, well-maintained play structure, a see-saw, and a picnic bench. I wish the grass area was more kid-friendly, but it's been taken over as a dog park (though officially I don't think it is one). Tots love this playground and this mom loves how it's across the street from Philz Coffee. Something for everyone, really.
I brought my dog over to play with the other dogs in the fenced area. He had a great time interacting with the little children playing on the other side of the park as well as people playing tennis around the other side. Parking can be a bit of a problem when people start coming home at around 5 to 6PM and you might have to resort to parking on those ridiculous hills. Just circle around if you're not too confident in your skills of parking at a 45 degree angle.Like most parks, the hours of operations here is from 6AM to 10PM.
The park is divided into a playground, tennis courts, basketball courts, and a dog park. The only part I've really experienced is the playground, and it's nice albeit fairly small. It's definitely geared more towards toddlers and infants than bigger kids, which is actually great when your kids fall in that age range because you don't have to worry about your 2 year old getting plowed over by insane sugar addled 10 year olds. However, I can definitely see our kids growing out of this one fairly quickly.
Not always my first playground choice but this is definitely a great playground for toddlers, if a bit on the small side.  We tend to go here when we need to run errands on 24th street and combine it with play time.  It is usually really busy so it's a great spot to take your toddler to play with other kids.  The age ranges vary from babies just sitting up to about 4 years old.  There's definitely not really a good place for bigger kids to play.  For this, I recommend Walter Haas Playground.One thing I really wish they would change is the lock on the gate.  An enterprising and observant 18 month old has no trouble unlocking the gate and if you're not paying attention can pretty quickly get out to the busy street.  Watch 'em close!
Known as the "baby park" by frequent visitors, I had an enjoyable time here fetching a happy hapa off the slide.Oh and riding on the seesaw? That one brings joy to babies and adults alike! My friends nearly had to pry me off so we could go to brunch...
As a full-time nanny for the last 7 years in 4 different cities I have seen my fair share of amazing playgrounds.  This one falls into the mediocre category.  It is geared towards children 5 and under, therefore the playground equipment is limited. There is a nice sandbox area and toddler swings as well.  It is located at the end of the 24th street shopping area, so it is an easy access park for the local Noe Valley parent or nanny!
I absolutely detest the gate at this park. I can never get into the playground area and instead fiddle with the lock device for about 5 minutes until some Dad takes pity on me and opens it. It is the best way to feel like a complete idiot. Which I am not. Other than that, the playground is perfect for the little ones although on the small side. *2 baby swings*Clean sand area*Small slides *Play structure perfect for the under 5 crowd*Fun bouncy thingsI am sure they could install a gate that is difficult for children but not too difficult for parents. 3*'s for the gate. 4*'s for the rest of the park.
This is a lovely little park for toddlers & Infants. There are infant swings, a few slides on a climbing gym, a sandbox, a teeter totter and surface is safe and made of rubber. It can get a bit windy here if the fog is rolling over Twin Peaks, so always bring a jacket.
A review for a park?  for real?My ideal park would be clean, have a picnic area or the grass would be clean enough to put a picnic blanket out on.  It would also have a place for dogs to run around without a leash and a place where kids can run around and have fun.How this park rates?  About 2 stars.
What I like about this park that it's divided to basketball court, tennis court, dog area and baby and toddler friendly playground. I would go there again.
This is a nice enough park for the Noe neighborhood. I went here to shoot a few hoops, where they have one b-ball court and a tennis court. There is a playground that looks nice enough and seems to be pretty busy with the area toddlers. Dogs are allowed too and there is a nice grassy knoll next to the courts to let them romp around. I will be back mainly because it is close to home and easy to get to. However, if you aren't able to walk to the park there is street parking surrounding the area.
Fun park to take the kids.  And dogs love it too.
They built a tot lot here and my 19 month baby girl loves it this place.  We pass by anytime we are visiting Grandma and Grandpa.  The park is  completely gated and so I let her have free reign.  There are tons of other tots her age and she always makes new friends.  There's even a little sand play area and the park is adjacent to a dog run area.  My 5 year loves watching the dogs and the buses go by and I don't have to worry about large dogs or buses running over my little ones since its gated.  Cute park, lots of fun, and I love that's it located in one of SF's coolest neighborhoods - Noe Valley.
