Excellent!  I'm so glad I read this review.   Prior to finding about this entrance up to Mt. Sutro -which is closer for me- I would go up through UCSF to hit one of the trails.   Bravo Randy!And like he said, there are a LOT of stairs to master, but it's all worth it.And once you reach Crestmont Dr. and find the entrance to the woods there is an actual "Welcome Mat" right at the start of it.  Quite a lovely touch, thank you anonymous person who put it there!Definitely check out this mostly unknown stairway.
Oakhurst Lane is no lane at all, but a staircase up the west side of Mt. Sutro.  It leads from Warren Drive up to Crestmont Drive, in Forest Knolls.If you love exploring, this is a must.  At 7th Ave., turn up Lawton to Warren Drive.  Now Warren's pretty steep, so just lean into it and breathe in through the nose, and out through the mouth....this is cardio at it's finest.  About halfway up Warren, on the left, there is a staircase that switchbacks up the slope (355 steps to be precise) that begins between the last apartment building and the first house on the block.  Start climbing, and go ahead...count the steps...About midway up, there is a short landing before you enter the eucalyptus forest; 'Sutro Forest' on old maps.  From here on a clear day, stop a moment and look northwest.  Golden Gate Park, the de Young tower, and the towers of St. Anne's Catholic Church are your view, as well as the Sunset, the Richmond, and the ocean in the distance.  Seventh Avenue runs through the valley before you, with Forest Hill due west on the other side.  Once you catch your breath, continue up into the forest.  If the steps are wet (this forest is moist), watch for 9 - 12 inch banana slugs...they live in these woods.At the top, you exit the staircase on Crestmont Drive.  Hang a left and walk down until the road cuts a right.  There, on the corner on the forest side, is an entrance to the woods leading to the summit.  Hike on in and climb the rest of the way to the wildflower-covered park at the summit....I dare you.Bring a small picnic, a friend, and your dog!  And if you're not down for climbing the ENTIRE height of Mt. Sutro, just drive up to Crestmont via Warren - Devonshire - Crestmont; hang a left, and find parking where the road cuts right at the north face of the mountain.  There is plenty of parking up here.
