Simply amazing."Devices for the experience of reality" to quote the artist himself.Images of  Willy Wonkas' factory(Gene Wilder version)danced around in my head as I 'Took my time' wandering about this magical exhibition. A multitude of senses are engaged and the perception of reality is altered as you drift through colour tunnels, peer into an enchanting kaleidoscope, and are engulfed in an mood lifting 360 degree blanket of fluorescent color. Of course the most popular exhibit-which is also the first public presentation-is of the art car layered in ice and contained in a sustainable micro-climate, ie: a 800-square-foot custom-made walk in freezer-type contraption. To complete the experience you wrap up in a warm blanket and huddle in the chilly air  with a small group of museum visitors to ooo&ahhh over the sheer brilliance of Olafur Eliassons' artwork. As another noted yelper, my fave in the exhibition is the installation 'Beauty'. It is both simple and profound. Now through February 24th. 'Take your time' and experience the creations of this wondrous artist. . . .
The moment you enter the museum atrium- a quirky fan hovering above perplexes and propels you to an imaginary land leading you to question, "What is a fan doing in the middle of the room?"  This is an introduction to how Eliasson uses space and how he affects his viewers and involving their innate subjective reactions ranging from the quizzical and funny  to levels of profound awesomeness.The Exhibit is entitled, "Take Your Time."  It is a statement that must be followed throughout the exhibit- and if you come with  friends- I suggest doing it with them then on your own.  By sharing your personal engagement with other people, your ideas may reciprocate or enhance the general understanding for all.  There is a mysterious effect when one looks into a box's opening- what surprise lies within and what expectation  to find.  Without giving too much info- it certainly takes 'interesting' to another level.  Pass through the entrance of Violet -Purple-Red- cylindrical multifaceted tunnel engage  your eyes from beginning to end.  Remember to take your time- do it slowly or fast,  compare the effects of your impressions.The first room on my journey was the architect's playroom.  This showed the melting pot of his ideas- from the dimensional 3D coils that changed its structure as your eyes revolved around the objects , it was interesting to see how he incorporated nature into them.  I examined each one, took the time and found  beauty in each angle.  The different views gave a different perspective such that another person's experience will be entirely different .  This room portrayed the whole exhibition in a nutshell- ideas pieced together to become the sculptures to follow ahead...notice the moss, rocks and geoid formations.There were a couple of huge installations that heightened the visual experience- the sensation of colors became more apparent- like sunsets to sunrises- these emotional subjectivism increased in definition as you get immersed in the transitions of colors (360 degrees room for all colours- 2002).  With the exposure to light, the warmth and heat- ( dressed in a sweater and boots to honor of my Icelandic host)- the next transition to a more cooler and humid and dimly lit environment was a welcome change.  This was almost as if the light changes were echoing the same Icelandic seasons- it was a mesmerizing thought.  My personal favorite was the Beauty (1993) installation.  Varying density of mist covered the air like a diaphanous veil, the light that penetrated it were like tiny ebullient snowflakes that slowly fell to the ground.  It was a visual ecstasy that every one who left this room had a smile on their face- guaranteed ;-)  There were a few more- that captured the imagination like  the mysterious black hole and the upstairs room (Space reversal- 2007). Few sculptors have used the olfactory sense to devise a modality in communicating with its audience- don't forget to smell the 'mosses' (Moss wall- 1994).There were various photographic works- of landscapes, rivers, waterfalls and caves that featured the topographical outline and mystifying beauty that is:-Iceland.  Terrains so varied and peculiar that one can easily say it was martian or from another world.  Sparse or undetectable vegetation and even human habitation seemed impossible- but it also lends to an eerie feeling of one's own desolation and need for human contact-  if you suddenly found yourself in the middle of such landscape, what feelings would one have or bring with you (I would have titled this series-" IF you were stranded here- what 5 things would you bring?").PS- I thoroughly enjoyed this exhibit- and I would definitely go back over and over again.  This is one of the few experiences that one can really find something new every time you visit. Remember take your time :-) And don't forget the car downstairs!________________UPDATE:  9/28/2007I went back again last night (yup I couldn't wait!). My impressions  were different this time- a little more on the amusing side and I could easily pick out people who were seeing it for the first time- and those who  experienced his work before. It was definitely cooler to go in the evening and less crowded too- no  long lines!  I always said if I could be an artist I would be like Matisse- but if I was going to be a sculptor- I want to be like Eliasson- I want my audience, friends, loved ones,  leaving with smiles on their faces...UPDATE: 11/1/07Plato's allegory of the cave exists in Eliasson's explanation through water vibrations..."notion motion"  finds relevant meaning that every action results in a consequence.
I'm nowhere near as eloquent as the 2 preceding reviewers, especially if I'm talking about art.  I went this past 1/2 off Thursday with my friend Robin.  It was a less than glamorous start to our time at the museum...it was a little rainy and after our walk from the parking garage AND our wait in line, we were looking icky.  Anyway, once we got in our first reaction to the fan was "Oh shit, that things totally gonna fall off and most likely land on us!"  Then we walked up all those stairs and were completely winded.  But, once I stepped foot on the bridge, it was allllll worth it.  The exhibit sure did a number on my eyes.  After leaving the "Room for one colour" (which made everyone look like they were stars of a black and white movie) my eyes needed some time to adjust to normal lighting.  Luckily the 2 dark rooms were not far away.  I LOVED "Beauty."  It was so calming to look at.  I only wish that "Notion Motion" was farther away...the constant banging on the floor bummed me out.  The exhibit flowed nicely and I felt like my eyes were finally back to normal, unfortunately we decided to view the "360 degree room for all colour" last.  AAAHHHH!  When we first walked in and saw everyone standing with their noses practically pressed to the wall I looked at Robin and said "did we miss something?"  We walked back out of the room and looked for a sign with instructions or something.  No luck.  So we walked back in and stood as close as we could which was weird.  We felt like we were about to fall into the wall but then looked down at our feet and realized we were about 2 feet away.  Anyway, as cool as it was, I have to be honest and say at times it made me a little nauseous.  Once we left there I REALLY needed to rest my eyes BUT the whole thing was gorgeous.  Quite an experience.  Thanks Robin for getting me out there!!
