A rooftop oasis in the heart of the financial district.Came up on my way to dinner at Hakkasan.It's small, but you've got views of the surrounding high rises; it's very "city."This rooftop has been on my list for awhile.  The original plan was to come up w a sandwich & have a picnic.  But since we were on our way to our dinner reservation next door, this was just a drive by.The guard has you sign in.  Then he tells you what you're supposed to do & not to do.We showed up at 4:50.  It closes at 5:00 sharp.  "The elevator will shut down..." we were warned.We went up.  You end up at a beautiful manicured rooftop.It is immaculate.There are even restrooms up here!?We took in the views, & hustled back to the elevator.  I hit the button.  It was 5:00 on the nose.  I worried for a second.  Until I heard the elevator coming up.The guard had told us that if the elevator did shut down on us, he'd go up & get us.So I wasn't really worried.Next visit...Lunch.5 stars.
If you have never been to POPOS_1K before, or are unfamiliar with San Francisco's innovative network of privately-owned but publicly-accessible rooftop gardens, sun terraces, observation decks, office courtyards, and outdoor sculpture galleries, your first visit might well resemble a bad remake of a Jason Bourne movie written and directed by a slightly addled, but basically sane, ex-civil litigation lawyer. After you have signed in at the security desk and shown an ID to prove that you exist and are a real person, you will be barraged by an array of increasingly outlandish injunctions and anxiety-inducing admonitions about what things you are not to do while on the 11th floor, which remains invisible to view the entire time. No eating the plants. No taking selfies on the ledge. No public protests or burning incense or holding political rallies or affixing posters to the walls. No communicating with extraterrestrials or piloting drones or rappelling down to Market Street on a wire cable. No feeding your gremlin after midnight. And never - ever! - try to enter the mysterious One Kearny Club, with its Japanese artwork and Zen sand garden tantalizingly visible through its immaculately clean and smudge-free glass windows.As you are whisked away up a disconcertingly fast elevator, tension mounts until the doors open to the deck, and as you exit, the bored-looking but still slightly menacing guard who escorted you stares at you a final time before the sleek metal doors close, leaving you alone on a deserted terrace far above the Financial District below. It does not take much to imagine Matt Damon appearing suddenly on the rooftop, or perhaps cutting a man-sized hole through the windows of the Kearny Club with a diamond-tipped blade, and then launching into a conspiracy-laced monologue about what really goes on inside the other 10 floors of the Kearny Building that you don't have public access to: interrogations, surveillance, drone piloting stations, marijuana growing facilities primed for legalization in California to begin, mock-up sketches in 3D of the Elon Musk portrait that will be etched with lasers on the surface of the moon, engineers fine-thing Google driverless utility vehicles (GUVs) that will soon be unleashed on the streets of San Francisco, targeting itinerants, homeless vets, street vendors, and tourists who still maintain email accounts on Yahoo and AOL, or who fail to like the "right things" on Facebook or UFC the reviews of the Elites on Yelp.  Damon turns to you, with those intense blue eyes of his, grasps your face in his strong, well-worn hands, and pleads with you to help him save the world before it is "too late." Perhaps this is why I find POPOS_1K such an appealing place: it gives free rein to one's fantasies. It frees up the imagination for all sorts of things that cannot happen on the crowded commercial streets down below. Public open spaces like this are less "oases" to me than they are eddies in a swiftly flowing mountain stream filled with hidden rocks and foaming white rapids; it offers a temporary reprieve from the frenetic pace of life on the streets below, a spot to catch one's breath, gaze out into the city, finish reading a chapter of one's book, or simply to sunbathe and inhale oxygen that hasn't been entirely sullied with car exhaust and the scents of human bodies sweating and sipping and web surfing down below. Maybe Matt Damon won't actually arrive on the deck in person to pull you into his cinematic universe, but in spirit, he will be. And this sort of imagination-fueled thing is not on the list of the numerous things here that you are not allowed to do. Yet. Better visit soon before "they" figure this all out!
People aren't kidding when they say that this is a small rooftop. Look for a building that says "23 Geary" - if the lobby is white and you see a guard standing in front of a desk on the right, that's it. After you give him your ID, write your name, he will tell you 128384847 rules, such as don't stand on benches or the ledge. Down the hall, you take the LEFT elevator - there's even a special button for that, press 11th floor.If you're 5 ft like me, the lowest ledge basically comes up to your chest. This makes me wish I was 6 ft to fully enjoy the view. It's pretty either way. Went around 11/12 on a weekday and there were only two people there eating lunch. It's very clean too.
Well, this rooftop POPOS itself is pretty itty bitty. But you do get to look down on downtown where everything else also looks really itty bitty, which is a big plus.  If you say it's your first time, the sentry at the entrance to the elevator is going to read off a dozen or so of the rules and regulations pertaining to your behavior during your visit.  Most of it is reasonable, common sense stuff for any individual maintaining composure in any public space.  But there are a couple that are oddly specific.  WHAT DO YOU MEAN I CAN'T COOK THE PLANTS? (Number three down.)Perhaps the owner has trust issues from past incidents where he or she (and his or her plants) have been burned.  Maybe it's just about liability. But the whole sign-in process really puts the PO in the POPOS.  They close at five.
Plenty of stars for a visit on a nice sunny day to enjoy clean benches, pretty bushes and plenty of sunshine. It's not a tourist destination for amazing views. Super tranquil spot deep in the city.
There are some amazing places open to the public in SF.  You can get places with big time views and perspectives.  Yes, they are really free and accessible.  This is on the 11th floor on the intersection of Kearny, Geary and Market Street(s).  There's a fair amount of space to eat, but no tables and no real shade.  You are looking down Market or 3rd Street.  Great views.Nuts and bolts:  The entrance is on Geary and there is a sign noting that it's here.  They ask you to check in at the desk.  Then, take the elevator up.  You're on a roof.  The walls around the edges are reasonably high, but it didn't keep me from a little quiver looking down.  Adding photos to give a better perspective.  I'd check it out.
If you're near... It's worth it to just come up and chill. Problem with this place is, that there's no shade! So, if you're going on a sunny day its going to be pretty hot. However, there's actually better parks that have more shade and better views of the city. I thought this park was alright, but you'll probably only see some people only come up for a quick second and then leave. However, I think if I worked in the city, this would be a park I would go to just because there wasn't that big of a crowd. It's a little less known, but it requires more effort to get up to this park.For instance, you have to sign in downstairs. That just requires more work. Anyways, it isn't as bad as you think it is...it's just an extra step that some of the other parks don't need. Lastly, the views are mediocre. It's not bad, it's not amazing, but I thought it was just okay. I wanted a little more shade, but it is what it is.
Beautiful views of such a beautiful city.  Best of all, it's free.  Luckily, my husband did some research on finding spots like this (Privately-Owned, Public Open Spaces aka POPOS) in SF while we were there for the weekend and we stumbled upon this rooftop deck.  You have to sign in with the security guard and show him ID.  He gives you a couple of rules (don't jump off, don't throw stuff off the roof, don't eat the plants, lol, etc.) and you're free to go up to the 11th floor.  If we had more time, we'd probably eat lunch up there.  But we were able to score some good photo opps and then head back down.  They are open Monday-Friday - 10am to 5pm.
Ah, One Kearny.  As my first stop in my journey to visit all of the public rooftop parks in the FiDi, this one certainly did not disappoint. To enter, first you have to sign in at the lobby, show your picture ID to the guard and go over a long list of quirky rules ("Don't eat or cook any of the plants. If you want a salad, this is not the place to be" hahaha). Then walk to the back and take the elevator to the 11th floor. Once you get there, you're immediately greeted by impressive views of San Francisco. It wasn't crowded, much to my surprise since I came around lunchtime. The area is fairly small and there are hedges and wooden benches scattered throughout. If you're short like me, you might have a bit of trouble looking over the wall to see the view... but whatever. That's what the benches are for. :)
I pick the perfect day to visit this rooftop terrace.  There are views of Market Street but you can't see to the Ferry Building.  I am on a quest to visit all of San Francisco's "POPOS" which are Privately-owned public open spaces (POPOS). It is only open Monday thru Friday from 10:00am- 5:00pm. You have to show Identification and sign-in.  I would definitely use this rooftop seating for lunch if I worked in this building. I wish there was more signage about the history of this building.
What a beautiful escape from the city up top this POPOS !
this place is amazing. i would definetly come back here. it is pretty small but they do have some benches and stuff. it would be a nice place to come up when its sunny and when you are having a coffee or something.
My favorite place to go on break and get away from the city noise. The rooftop is spotless, and when it's sunny out, you'll forget all about your 9-5 woes while reveling in this secluded little paradise.
Thanks to the first person who reviewed One Kearny building. This is a hidden gem in the city. I took some time out of my schedule to visit the rooftop. The views are truly amazing. The rooftop is peaceful and well maintained. Great place to see the beautiful scenery in Downtown San Francisco. The traffic and people flow is cool during working hours (weekdays). The security lady at the door was very professional and polite.  Visitors need ID to enter the rooftop. **The rules are interesting! 1. Don't eat or cook the plants lollolol**
I'm definitely a fan of this teeny tiny vantage point. When you enter One Kearny, request the rooftop at the front desk. If you're lucky like me, the person at the desk will give a fun breakdown of the somewhat ridiculous rules of the rooftop, which include basics like don't throw anything or anyone from the rooftop, to really odd things like don't eat or cook any of the plants on the rooftop. I guess it's nice to know they covered all bases?Anyway, take the elevator up to the top, and you'll arrive in a small, quiet space that affords you a pretty nice view. A condo view without owning the condo? Sign me up.
One of the secret public spots in downtown SF that helps you get away from the hustle and bustle! Located obscurely above the One Kearny bldg, this hidden neighborhood gem is still relatively unknown and, because of that, you'll find it mostly empty. Entering the front lobby, you're greeted a security guard, who asks you to sign in and to take take the elevator to the 11th floor. I only found out about this place after hearing about it from my BF (Jason S.) who read about it in an article in the Chronicle. Once on top, you have a fantastic view of 3rd street to east and Market to the south. The space is filled with several benches while potted plants and trees add to the decor.  It's not the highest viewpoint of SF, but it's a great spot when you need to clear your head from work/life/random stresses or if you're looking for a quiet place to eat your lunch.
Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?I doubt this is what Tupac was rapping about, but this rose is tucked away in the hustle and bustle of the City. The "terrace" is only open monday - friday and requires a full fledged customs screening at the front desk. Just like SUVs, once you go up - you'll never want to come back down.Best privately owned public open space in San Francisco. Long live the rose that grew from concrete!
I enjoyed a very nice quiet lunch here yesterday noon.  Everything is exactly as described by all previous reviewers.  When I signed in at the security desk, the guard warned me it may be very crowded - but it wasn't at all, lucky me.  Very quiet and peaceful. And just FYI, the terrace is not very big.
Preface - Well, I'm pretty new to the area.  So, I was delighted to discover something called  POPOS (privately-owned public open spaces).  It turns out that the financial district and SOMA is chock full of them.  There are even published guides (google them), and yet I didn't see this one turn up in my guide ... and I couldn't find a review.  So, I'm writing one!Review - Yes, POPOS are nice, but often noisy.  Are you looking for that calm oasis in middle of the bustling SOMA district?  How about going up to the 11th floor terrace of this lovely building on Kearny and Geary?  Enter through the 23 Geary entrance, and ask the guard to point you to the terrace.  He'll take you to the elevator and indicate the terrace floor.  Once you come out, you'll find that it's pretty simple area, small, quaint, but well kept with roof garden, benches, and WOW!  the view of the hills and SOMA!So, it's not well-known (well, maybe now it will be), meaning you can have a fairly quiet time to yourself, either reflecting or meditating or eating.  And the small scale of this roof-top garden feels homey.  It might be perfect for a quick break, or a conversation with a friend apart from the din of the ground floor.  Check it out!
This is a small but beautiful rooftop space right at Market and Kearny streets.  There are only a few benches but great views up Market Street to Twin Peaks, and down Third Street to the water.  You also get an interesting close up of the architecture of the top of the building, a classy pre-1906 French Renaissance Revival landmark.  It's a relaxing place with potted greenery, where you can get away from your hectic downtown day for awhile. You do need to check in at the lobby and sign in, but once you get to the 11th floor time seems to slow down just a little.One annoying thing is that although there are bathrooms on the deck, they are locked.  You are supposed to get the key from back in the lobby which seems like a colossal waste of time.  So check it out for as long as you can hold it in.
This is my favorite FiDi rooftop / public space in the city. It's small but quaint. It's perfect for taking naps on the bench (when space permits). There is room for about 20 people sitting (just to give you an idea of the size). It's the ideal place to try out my hammocks in the city plan (kind of like Citi Bike in NYC). The other place so far on my list is the palm tree outside Giants stadium on 3rd and King.
It's a nice little break away from the rest of the city. I thought I wasn't particularly afraid of heights until I visited the rooftop! When you visit, just make sure you have your ID on you since the security guard at the front will need to let you through. Although there are sometimes meetings happening on the top floor, it's nice to just come up, enjoy the sun and relax while you can.
Epic views I tell ya, epic!  Always wanted to know what was at the top of this cool San Francisco building.
I've made a bit of a habit of seeking out "POPOS" in the FiDi and I must say this has been one of the highlights.  Despite its quality and location it's not that popular apparently -- my friend and I shared the splendor with only 2 other strangers.  Once past the guard (photo ID required), a short elevator trip to the top awaits.  It opens up to a patio no larger than the average living room but with a spectacular southeast facing view (directly down 3rd Street towards AT&T park).
Another public spot required by the city for companies to build.  Use these anytime.  They are free!!!
I visited on Sat 10/12/2013 and access was not available.  Nearby business said this is only open during business hours M-F.  I'm still giving it 5 stars since it looks great!  I wish someone before me had sent the access hours to Yelp before I arrived ;) but at least I know for next time!
A hidden gem near Union Square! This rooftop garden space is publicly accessible (well, you do have to show the security guard downstairs your ID and check in) and is wonderfully maintained.  It does have hours, so be sure to stop by during the workday!
the roof top is nice,  however it is a little too noisy with all the AC fans from the neighboring buildings .
