Boy!  I gotta say; it takes plenty of leg strength to work my way up the hill of Orizaba Street near a dead end and up the hidden gem.  All it takes is perseverance, determination, and optimism to make it up here.  And the reward: the entire view in all directions!  For me, I can only do it once.  It's worth it to show anyone I made it up here after huffing and puffing.
Truly an Ingleside gem amongst some broken glass, needles, and beer cans. It's at the very top of a steep hill, with a mini-rocky part at the top.While it's no Moraga Steps or Twin Peaks, it's fun to just explore and check out that360 view of the neighborhood. Makes for a nice casual Sunday stroll/hike.I would recommend leaving the puppies and children at home, but if you're in the mood for mindful supervision, go for it.
Nice place to visit :) I visit the park whenever i am free
Come up here for a breath of fresh air...  Bring the doggy for a mini-hike...  Greet the fellow neighbors taking a morning stroll...  Take an escape from the everyday stresses of life...  Hike with a friend, a partner, or by self...  and enjoy the beautiful views of the Ingleside district...PLACES OF INTEREST:  [360° views of the SW parts of the city.]CONVENIENCE: **** [Easy to find... if u can get to Orizaba street, just head all the way up the hill... that BIG ol' rock u see, that's it!]AMBIANCE: *** [Lots of houses surround the area, not too great for photo opps.  Rocky, grassy, not too muddy.  Quiet area... good for clearing the mind.  And if it's sunny in the area, the views are GREAT!  Not sunny? Well... that's SF for ya!]DIFFICULTY LEVEL: ** [2 out of 5... easy climb.  Can do in flip-flops... just be careful.]PRICE:  FREE! OVERALL: **** [4-stars... A neighborhood gem and a great SF find!]Nuff said.[#15 of 100 YELP CHALLENGE 2013]
I've taken my dog for a walk up Orizaba plenty of times but was never aware the rocky area was accessible to us until today when I saw it on yelp. Why haven't I discovered this earlier?! It's definitely a cute little spot for some breathtaking views of the city right in your backyard/neighborhood. Hidden gem indeed, as others have mentioned.If you're taking your dog, be cautious. There's a lot of broken glass on the ground once you start going up.
If you're a stoner in Ingleside, you already know about this place. But even if you don't do the bud, the Orizaba Shields park is so worthwhile. This is the highest spot in Ingleside and offers amazing 360 degree views of the ocean, bay, San Bruno mountain, and the beautiful, pastel-colored San Francisco. It's not really a park, just a plot of land that couldn't be developed. It's a little shady at night but a true hidden treasure!  According to a long time Ingleside resident, the rocky outcrop is actually called "Pansy Hill" because an old woman who lived on the hill in the 1930s spent her time gardening the outcrop and planting pansies all over. A little bit of history for ya.
I just moved here. This is beautiful. I'm so happy with my new city.
nice place.
This hidden gem is probably the BEST rocky outcrop in the city. Excellent 365 degree views spanning from Pacifica to the Golden Gate.
If you reside in the Ingleside, don't make the mistake of not walking around your neighborhood.  This little not-quite-a-park is a perfect example of why.  It's not an official park, just the rocky top of the hill where Orizaba, Shields, and Lakeview Ave. all meet.  There's a semi-steep climb up residential streets to get there, and it's absolutely tiny, but the views from the top are incredible.  You can see from Pacifica north to Ocean Beach on one side, and peeks of downtown and the Bay on the other.  It's a true hidden gem and one of the regular spots where I take my dog on our daily walks.
