This is a tiny museum with three floors. The ground and lower levels show the building's history; it used to be the Federal Mint. You can see a mock up of a bank vault. This place is exceptionally clean. All carpeted and not a stain. I felt bad walking in with my wet rainy shoes. Artwork is on all three levels. Take the elevator to the second.  There's a random "8" on top of the inside elevator door. I wondered if it was for luck (8 is very good luck number). My sister asked the woman at the counter about it. At first the woman said it couldn't be there for luck since it's in a public area. Then when she saw it, she didn't know why. lol. Very nice lady. She said to come back for their next exhibit which is about tea. Of course, my Chinese being as great as it is, it's just as possible she was commenting on the rain.I've walked by a few times but never went inside. Don't be like me, just walk in.  The people are quite friendly and would be happy to walk you through the place.  It's a good place to walk during lunch. Open Tuesday to Saturday, 10a-4pm. Free and you'll get a bit of history and art.
There's a  sub-treasury permanent exhibit downstairs that takes about 5-10 minutes to go through thoroughly but that's about it. When I was there last week they had another "exhibit" on the main floor but nothing interesting and again it was only a 5 minute perusal. I'm not sure why it's called the Pacific Heritage Museum since there's nothing there on that topic.If you're in the area it's fun to check out the the sub-treasury and it won't take long. Plus it's free.
Went to the Pacific Heritage Museum on Fri 11/19/10 since I had a day off.  They don't have any artwork here now until Feb 2011 because the new owner doesn't want to pay for insurance on artwork.  Walls are Bare right now.  You can see the historical part of the Building & use the bathroom.  That's it right now.Pacific Heritage Museum608 Commercial St (across from the Transamerica Building)SF CA 94111415-399-1124Hours: Tues-Sat 10am-4pmFREE Admission
Best part of this museum is the silver coin collection below. Don' t waste too much time upstairs since it does not have anything to do with the history of the Federal Reserve Bank but the coin collection is nice, rare and not too many remain in San Francisco besides the Wells Fargo history museum with its gold coin collection and since the Old Mint closed years ago. It is free and opened only from Thursday until Saturday.
I was going to let my sister review this place and skip a review.  But why do that, when I think this place needs more attention???!  Get in there now!  Yes it's small but worth a peek.  Right now they have an exhibit for Contemporary Chinese Artists.  (15 of them, so hop to it, there are three levels, accessible by stairs and/or elevator.)  For me, it was a very interesting exhibit, as I was not aware of the Chinese contemporary art movement, and was fascinated by the Chinese interpretation on some of the 'classic european/american' styles.  The people at the counter, at the entrance are friendly and informative.And the gallery is very nice, clean, and great display of the various forms of artwork.  I was very happy and pleased to be here.  It was a great find on a rainy Saturday morning during a walking history tour, and it was FREE.  So get yourself edumacated on some Chinese art/history!  And this used to be where the original Federal Mint was. :)  (Yeah, you can see where the money used to come from...)
I walked in and was greeted by two kind gentlemen who informed me of it's history and then went on my journey to the unknown.At this time they have the World Of Love, Childrens Art Initiative from Project Hope. Three childrens hospitals in Shanghai, Beijing and Taipei have organized a multinational art competition to promote the World Of Love and will bring up to 1,500 pieces of art to the U.S. for multiple exhibits to raise funds in support for childrens health programs.This musuem is three floors and is filled with the art of kids from six to twelve primarily and I was blown away by their talent. I am someone who loves to laugh and these pieces are so sweet and fun.The drawings are in acrylic as well as colored pencil and are framed in glass and deserve to be.These kids have more talent then I could ever dream of. I'm not kidding and the titles with their names and ages... Well I can only say go and check it out for yourself, you won't be disappointed. My favorite is 'The Operation Room' and 'Undersea World'Plus it's free, so go have a giggle and then have a cocktail at the Omni Hotel Bar which is always quiet and private for two. Then perhaps go home and make one of your own ...a kid that is. Not a bad afternoon  !
You've probably walked by this place a million times. Perhaps you've walked through Commercial Street to get from Kearny Street to Montgomery? Or perhaps, vice versa. Well, there is a small museum situated (entrance at 608 Commercial Street) in a building which used to be a bank. Once inside, you will begin to see the little reminders of what it used to be. These days, the 4-story building houses exhibits from the Pacific Rim, but predominantly from China. Admission is free.
This place is so easy to miss as it's tucked away in a fairly non descript building on little ol' Commercial Street. I happened to stop in one day and discovered their current installation of paintings by modern Chinese Masters that belongs to a private collector here in San Francisco. I have an art background, so I'm fairly critical, but the quality of the work is amazing! Admission is free, and it is definitely worth the time to see work that you may never have the chance to see again.
Beautiful space once occupied by Gold Rushers, now a space to enjoy Asian art in tranquil surroundings on the edge of FiDi and Chinatown. Most people forget /don't realize they can get a quick respite from noise by stepping into this air conditioned gem that usually has a beautiful flower arragement at the entrance waiting to greet you.
