What a great way to spend a Sunday!!!Came here today with my Church to have a fun day in the park and it was a success! There were clear blue skies and a soft breeze. Perfect for an enjoyable day. The field was ready for an awesome game of kickball while the nets were set for some volleyball. Did I mention that everyone brought the FOOD to set the mood. Can't have church in the park with the FOOD. Started out with some worship and then a brief word on LOVE. The word was brought and then we broke for food and games.So much FOOD. Just check out the pictures below. Let me just go through some of the food that I indulged in. I had a burger, barbecue chicken, hotdog, salad, fruit, spaghetti, noodles, barbecue pork, coke, macaroni salad, and ice cream. Of course I did not have all of them together but it was just the meal I needed on a day like this. GREAT!!!! I took my seat on the grass field and ate while basking in the glory of the sun. AHHHHHH! I could not have asked for a better day.Everyone seemed to really enjoy this location as opposed to our location last year. There was a lot more space and more room for games. The volleyball game was pretty good. Not as intense as last year but still a good time.The kickball game got a little out of hand. Not sure of the rules for today's game but it would appear as though the ruled have changed since I last played. The diamond was the perfect size for the number of people playing. There were a couple of hard dives but no major injuries. All the adults had a good time. The kids played with the parachute and had tennis balls bouncing of the top. They seemed to have a lot of fun with that. This was then followed by a three legged race that wound up being an upset!!! Everyone else for the most part took time to socialize and fellowship. I had been by this park enough times to know that the basketball park was cool but I had not ventured to the rest of the area. It was just a great experience to come here today with my church family and have fun in the PARK. Good times. #capturedmemoriesinthepark
I really like this playground because while there's plenty to do, there are lots of opportunities for kids to use their imagination. There's always parking nearby. It's right on the edge of Stern Grove (not in Stern Grove).
I really like this park.  It is very clean, tons of parking and is always full of kids.  My daughter is in a specialized walker and there is plenty of space for her to practice strolling along.  There are also ramps for my little one to get up to the top of the play structures and is wide enough to fit her walker and another kid to slide by.  There are also a lot of friendly parents here and very curious kids :).
Parkside is one of many great, safe, and friendly parks in the Sunset District. You'll find young children frolicking in the grassy straights, proud dog owners, and a variety of Sunset-onians.Typically on my way to and from El Burrito Express, which is right up the street, I enjoy the various sporting events that this park embraces:-A neat playground for the kiddo's (gets 'em off those damn texting machines)-A nice baseball field -Some tennis courts. -Basketball Courts-Park and recreational area-Adult softball leagues as well as CYO sports. Let me tell you I've had some epic sporting duels on these tennis courts. Gets a bit crowded and it has been awhile since the courts have been updated, but a fun park none the less teaming with community life!
-4 tennis courts, which is more than most parks so less of wait for your turn. When your tennis ball goes over the fence, it's such a hassle to get back especially if you're in the back court.-Basketball court, double rimmed hoop.-Baseball field, I see many people playing all the time. There must be some sort of a league.-Playground, I've seen kids celebrate their birthdays here.Lots to do, just bring your own equipment & prepare to wait your turn.
What a great playground for my 13 month old. It has been challenging finding a playground that isn't too advanced for him and has enough space. This play are is so spacious he was able to practice his walking without getting run over by other children and the two big play structures were easy for him to walk onto.He had a blast and so did I!
For a game of softball, the field at Parkside Square is without equal in SF.  The setting at 28th & Vicente is idyllic.  There's a car park with several spaces or just pull over along the 3rd base line on Vicente where you are just steps away from home plate.  There's no chain link fence to obstruct the gorgeous view of towering cypress and eucalpytus trees that line the outfield.  The wooden backstop and grass infield seem like they've hosted ballplayers since the turn of the century (not this one, the century before).For softball or little league, Parkside is my number one venue choice.  Next time I go I'll get there well before the designated time and just drink it all in again.
Oh. My. Goodness.Ascending upon this epic playground from the depths of a dark Stern Grove while tripping balls with some buddies is a serious candidate for one of the most joyous moments of my life.THERE IS A PIRATE SHIPandsome new-fangled version of the classic metal dome that everyone used to somehow get concussions from, only this one is rubberized (less injuries hooray) with HAMMOCKS and some crazy-ass vortex tube down the middle.I'm sure it's just as much fun for the kiddies...but after hours, the big kids can take over.
Wen't here yesterday with my daughter.  The place is a good size, but needs a little updating.  Underneath one of the slides was a huge hole that someone/something dug out of the tar mats.  Also, it looked like the trash cans needed to be emptied.  The structures looked okay...better for kids older than 2.  There were a lot of summer camp children there so getting on a swing was kinda hard.  Other than that its not bad.
Nice park, lousy atmosphere.I've played tennis in some pretty shady places, including straight up ghettos. I've NEVER run into a more hostile "locals only" vibe than at these courts.My team had a city permit to play here at a specific date and time. Parks & Rec specifically put up a sign saying we would be there. The regulars not only ignored the signs, they tore them down. We wound up needing TO CALL THE COPS to be left in peace.If you're stuck playing an event here because other facilities are booked, make SURE you've got your paperwork in order and the police on your cellphone's speed dial.
Let's see, so in terms of first reviews for Parkside-area parks, it's Parkside locals 0, guy from Miraloma Park 3.Not that I'm keeping score.Anyway, Parkside Square is an idyllic little city park, identical in size to McCoppin Square but much prettier, partly because it is in a more residential neighborhood and partly because it backs onto Pine Lake Park.  There's the usual combo of baseball-diamond-cum-dog-walking-field, tennis courts, and a BIG playground.  Plus they did a great job with the trees here; stately monterey pine, cypress, and eucalyptus line the edges of the park.If you have a dog, a kid, or a love of parks, and live anywhere near here, it's definitely worth checking out.  Especially as you can combine a visit here with a trek through Stern Grove & Pine Lake Park.
I remember when this park sucked. Now it has a great playground for kids of all ages especially the sand area pirate ship that is more for the younger kids. Mommy and baby swings, tire swing, baby swings, regular swings... I mean there re many parks that have that many swing choices. Love the dome shaped climb on thing as well as the foamy ground that spans throughout the childrens area. The field could use a little work, but its big enough for soccer and baseball games to play at the same time. The courts can get a little messy with the pine needles but for the most part its alright. I usually have to make my nephew my excuse for playing here, but seriously this park is bad a**.
I didn't know this place had a name.  All I can say is, there's always people playing on the one basketball court.  The baseball field is always being used.  -3 starsBut the 4 tennis courts always have a spot open!  Woot! +1 starTai Chi in the morning for the fogies! +1 starLitter from crazy drinking parties on friday and saturday nights -1 star
This park is awesome and another stand-by when I worked in the city.  Great climbing for older kids and nice cushy ground for little ones to crawl, walk or fall onto.  It's a huge playground and my kids usually were at a loss as to what to do first...usually the chair swings if they're open.Can be chilly but we do live here in SF where there's fog and stuff--bring a fleece.
the first ADA compliant playground in SF. very popular with the K-4th grade crowd. too bad my kids are too old for playground now.but there are 4 tennis courts, a basketball court and a baseball field here too. adjacent to Sigmund Stern grove and Pine Lake Park.another SF hidden treasure.
I like this park.  Nice, cushioned ground for accident-prone kids like mine....love that!  Enclosed playground area adds a sense of security (false sense..but, I'm cool with that).  Tennis courts are nice.  And there is a walking trail around it all if mommy is trying to get her groove back.  It's all good!
Great place for a weekend afternoon.  B-ball court, 4 tennis courts, baseball field and small children's playground.  Next to Stern Grove, its close by to Taraval and easy to park here.  Nice grassy field to run around on and the courts were re-paved not long ago.
Very nice place, small but very  clean, nice and friendly.
Great park for kids of all ages.  They have the squishy ground covering and parking is easy.  There are nice tennis courts on the far end also but they are usually pretty crowded, especially when they tai chi crowd is there.
i live almost around the corner from here and it's a great park to bring my little 2 year old boy.  except for the big web dome thing that older kids can climb, it's perfect for toddlers with plenty of green grass to have picnic on and run around in.
