St Mary is a staple can't go wrong with the history and nostalgia of this place.The gymnasium was well known as one of the best places for pick up basketball in the 80s and 90s.  Now what you can find is young neighborhood kids playing and refining their game on the court.The park is pretty open and clean however, I would definitely keep my head on the swivel at night though.
It's gorgeous Bernal Heights, on one of the most beautiful days of the year weather-wise...St. Mary's is a popular and well-maintained property pretty much exclusively used for recreation. There's an old-style gym, fitness classes, a sizable playground for kids, and then at the verrrry bottom of the big ol' hill lies the Dog Park!I don't really know if there is a shorter way from the neighborhood to the Dog Park, but just be aware that top to bottom of St. Mary's Park is a HUMONGOUS walk down/climb up. Google Maps takes you to the top of the hill/gym entrance, so be aware that from there it is fairly steep. There might be another way on Justin lower down the hill.Lots of grass, clean, sitting areas scattered about, clean water fountain. A few tennis balls lying here and there. It's such a beautiful place, I only wish it were bigger!Roxy rates it: four smiling paws up. I found some fun playmates here too!
Came here while visiting to let my husky run around.Parking was hard. We parked in the neighborhood behind the park. Unless there is a parking lot somewhere else, we couldn't find it.They have a big grassy area,a kids play area, and a  dog area.  Its medium sized and gated off. Lots of little dogs playing and all well behaved. There are benches and tables to sit and relax while your dogs can run around and enjoy themselves.There is a watering area for the dogs, a path to walk around the grassy dog area, and lots of tennis balls left by awesome dog owners incase you don't have any.
This was our first time taking our newly adopted dog to the dog park! It was a good experience even if our new pup didn't play a lot with the other dogs. I really like that there is a double gate at the entrance to the dog area and the whole dog park is fenced in. There are a couple gates where really tiny dogs might be able to squeeze through but it wasn't a problem for us.It was a great place for our dog to run free instead of being stuck on a leash.
Best pickup basketball games in the city.
It's double fenced, great grass area, lots of seating.but currently closed til the beginning of March due to renovations. And parking can be a bit difficult.I'll definitely be back when they reopen!
This park is my favorite park because it has things all dog parks need: grass, water fountain, benches, trees and the occasional squirrel!This park is a comfortable size, a bit small but it does the job. I enjoy the sidewalk that loops around the park and that there's bark and wood chips along the entire perimeter of the park because dogs tend to poop there instead of in the grass! One less turd to watch out for. The grass is generally maintained, lately a lot more digging and it's growing a bit sparse, but some real grass beats lots of fake turf in my book any day. The dog park in Foster City is just a green toilet IMO. There's definitely a smell here at St. Mary's but it's only around the entrance where the trash cans are and where most dogs mark when they walk in. The benches are great! It allows me to spend more time at the park and my dogs are definitely happy about that! Because they're smaller, I don't walk them before coming here so that they have more energy to play with their friends!There is one lady here though that brings her Rott/German Shep one year old puppy named Chopper here (around 2-4pm I believe, only encountered her once on a Wednesday) and she does NOT walk him before coming here. He's a great dog but full of puppy energy and harasses small dogs.. Poor dog parenting that's going to get him hurt if she doesn't do a better job. He kept trying to play with all the small dogs there which was about 7 at the time and they were not having it. I asked her to leash her dog and she refused and started dragging him away with his pinch collar HAHAHAHA.. Like I guess? Anyways, back to the topic.Other than that one bad encounter, the people here are really nice! The party is normally here around 11am and around 4pm. Anything in between that time is kind of empty or senior citizen(sorry not sorry!)Really love coming to this park, because sometimes if you get all the right dogs here, you can have a great dog run just doing laps around the place!
Went here for the first time last night to play some soccer through MeetUp. I was surprised that it was actually a pretty decent park. Here's the gist of it:1. Easy parking - It's located in a residential neighborhood and street parking is easy to find especially around 6:30 PM2. The main entrance is easy to find and is right in front of a gymnasium3. Nice, clean and spacious field 4. Feels pretty safe to be around, especially if you're not familiar with the area (i.e. it isn't 'seedy' park)
The park itself is very nice and is on three different levels.  The park on top is a huge open space with a baseball diamond on one end.  Lots of people also take their dogs here to play fetch. There's also indoor basketball courts, which I assumed is closed to the public.  However, last I heard it was open to the public on Wednesdays for open gym. The kids playground is one level down, huge and looks like it must have gotten redone recently.  Lots of fun things for kids to play on.  There are also two tennis courts with 1 basketball court next to the kids area.  I've never seen the tennis or basketball courts busy.There's also a medium-sized gated dog park at the very bottom of St. Mary's Park. It's definitely much smaller than Douglass park (another dog park my pup loves), but there is enough space for the dogs to romp.  80% of it is grassy, and there's a walkway around that grass  so that the humans can keep their feet clean.  All in all, the people here seem pretty responsible dog owners, and the park is well kept.  The drinking fountains drain very well (unlike upper douglass), so you pup will always have clean water.  I do with that there were some lights in the park, because once dusk comes, it gets very dark very fast.
Nice grass! My Westie Yayo loves it here!Fences and double gated!They are always cleaning or servicing this park every few weeks or so.I just wish it was closer to my house!! It is a pretty far drive! But good parking!It is right next to St.Mary's Recreation Center so there are plenty of activities to do for humans too!
Love this place! Ample parking, huge fenced in area with real grass and a walking path for people. The dog area is not separated for large/small dogs but very well maintained and friendly dog owners as well. Definitely planning to bring the pooch back again for some run and play time!
For the amount of space there is for running, for the GRASS that the dogs love and not that nasty dry litter box material most dog parks have, this is by far my favorite dog park. The owners who bring their dogs over are responsible and kind. It's a great environment for all parties involved.
This review is for the playground portion only.I hear it was remodeled about a year ago. You can definitely tell! No disturbing pieces of tanbark in your shoes. The whole place is covered in cork! Thumbs up! The park was clean and really looks on the newer side. There's a rather large play structure in the middle that goes almost the whole length of the park. Several slides and swings for kids of different ages, lots things for the kids to climb on, jump over, twirl, etc. There's even a small "rock climbing" wall. It's a wonderful neighborhood park! The only thing this place doesn't have are restrooms?  (Unless it was located somewhere else in the park.) I was afraid one of my kids was going to have to use the bathroom, but we dodged that bullet. Whew!
I've been bringing my dog here for a while and we love this park! It's fenced with real grass and always friendly for my dog to chase around with. This park is pretty big with lots of running room for the dogs. They also offer shaded benches, tables and water fountain. I've actually seen people had a mini picnic inside the park for their dog's birthday! I've never came across any aggressive dogs here and the owners pick up after their fur babies. If you come around noon time, there are dog walkers who brings dogs here to run around. I've been reading people saying this park is closed all winter and rainy days, which is a bummer... but that won't stop us from coming here until then!
This review is for the dog park only.  It's located at the lowest part of the park, down the hill from the playground and gymnasium.There is a decent-sized central area of grass for the dogs to run around on, some benches for the humans, and a water fountain inside the dog park area.  There is some limited shade available from trees around the edges of the grass.Beware - there are some foxtails scattered mostly around the edges of the park.Minus 1 star for several groups of shady-looking people walking by.  Good thing I had my menacing poodle there to protect me! (hah!)
I really like this place but there are some things that bothered me.Let's start with the great.Love dog area is fenced and there are two gates to ensure safety. YES?! HELL YES!?It's spacious, enough for many people to be there.Parking was easy.The okay:I was confused initially on where it was exactly located. But, now that I know where it's at, it's amazing.The bad:Not even really the location, but the other guests there.Why:My dog is in training, he's recently picked up a bad habit and I am training him to get rid of this bad habit.My dog along with his buddy for that day sniffed each other out and barked and it was cool. They didn't really want to chase each other, they were interested in other dogs. Then, this gal and gentlemen come with their dog that seemed very timid. Her dog comes up to mine, he sniffs, he barks, and I was walking towards him to pick him up and remove him from "the fun" because of the excessive barking. The owner of my dogs buddy also was getting ready to do the same. Then, the timid dog really stood still and her owner made comments in an obnoxious loud way, where she stretched out words like, "awww. what's wroooonggggg? You neeeeeeeeevvvveeeeeer act this way" in a manner that we could hear even though we were standing about an arms length away. The gentlemen who came with her just gave those big "yeah, I know" eyes. That just set a weird tone and seconds after, she says to him in a really mumbled rude tone, "my dog just doesn't do well with dogs that constantly bark".I was sort've shocked, the other dog owners were a bit taken back and we didn't want to be "THAT PERSON" who just set her straight and say, "listen up, we're training our dogs not to and THAT'S WHY we went to pick them up and remove them". But we let it be. She ended up moving kind of far with her dog, thank god.... and other people entered the park. Our dogs stopped barking but we were already kind of upset.I don't want to justify neither dogs excessive barking but... I read something that made me chuckle when researching tips for dogs barking at parks."Telling a dog not to bark at a dog park is like telling a man in a bar not to hit on a woman" LOL.Just some good humor.I am for dogs breaking bad habits and learning how to train to do so. So bare with us.... HATERS!!!
If you're looking for a dog park around the Outer Mission, this is a great park to stop by. Various dog owners and dog walkers stop by so your dogs can socialize easily. The dog area is completely fenced and there are benches around the perimeter.Getting here can be quite tough if it's your first time coming here or if you're not use to this neighborhood. The streets surrounding here are really narrow and the dig area is all the way down the hill. Luckily, there's plenty of street parking before everyone comes home from work and there's even disabled parking inside the park itself.
This is my favorite dog park in and around the city so far. However, keep in mind that in the time between around 11-3ish is when the dog walkers show up with their huge pack of dogs. A lady I was talking to who had just brought her own dog there like me mentioned that a few days ago she had counted something like 44 dogs at this park. Wow that's too many for this place.Coming around 5pm and on into the evening you will see the regulars and no dog walkers. The regulars are all friendly people. I showed up once to the dog park a little early and encountered a lady on the "snooty" side, but I haven't seen her since.As for Tina P.'s issue with the freeway, to be honest I don't really notice that it is actually so close to the freeway. What I do notice is the constant wind chill! Bring a good jacket; better yet a warm hat!For anyone who may be coming to this park on a regular basis, there is  a Yahoo! Group for St. Mary's Dog Park (groups.yahoo.com/group/s…) where people post updates about closures due to rain or maintenance and other useful information.
As far as dog parks go this is a good one.   Just like all dog parks some people don't pick up or open both gate letting dogs out!  Kids walk by and open the gates.  So just be on gaurd and help by picking up unattended poop even if it is not yours.Love the space, grassy area and paved path to walk around on! I found a parking close by no problem.My Dog loves it!
I've debated how to rate this place for a while now... here's the issue:  when it's open, it's the best fenced-in dog park in SF.  Looks really nice, real grass, excellent parking options, water for the dogs, and - most importantly - consistently very nice dogs and dog owners (very easy for both you and your dog to make friends!).But the "when it's open" is probably the most important phrase in the above paragraph.  It's closed all winter, and it closes every time it rains, remaining closed for several days after the rain stops.  They built this place at the bottom of the hill, so water collects and takes a long time to drain, and they don't let the dogs back in until it does.  Also, it's closed every Friday until 2 pm for fertilizing.Sometimes I feel the rec department cares more about keeping the grass looking nice (which it does) than letting the dogs play.  I understand the balance here:  if they just let the grass get completely destroyed then pretty soon it wouldn't be any better than the other enclosed dog parks (cough cough dust bowls) in SF.  But on the other hand, St. Mary's has separate ball fields and playgrounds (also very nice), so does it really matter so much if the grass in the DOG PARK gets a little destroyed after the rain?  I mean, it's a dog park, not the White House Rose Garden!So I'm giving it 5 stars because that's what it deserves when it's open, but it's a major drag to show up 3 days after the rain has stopped and find it still closed.
We love our neighborhood dog park because Sasha is much better off leash than on. Love that there's grass instead of gravel or wood chips. I'm sure it's not as easy to maintain. They fertilize it every Friday morning, so the dogs go crazy the rest of the day. I have to remember to bring a ball though - she's a little ball hog and keeps stealing others' when she's on high-energy mode.Watch your step as there's a chihuahua that shimmies its way through the side of the gate on his own. He does what he pleases, and it doesn't appear that his owners care to clean up after him. :/
Really lovely. Friendly canines and humans. I just wish it were closer to where I live.
Our dog walker in SF recommended this park and it is our absolute favorite in the area, second only to Fort Funston. There's a huge grassy (real grass!) area for our pup to run around in along with a dirt walking path for humans to stroll. Also plenty of benches to sit and watch the dogs play. Most importantly, there are always lots of other friendly dogs to play with.Only issue is that parking is a bit tricky in the residential area around the park but you'll always find something if you're patient.
For people who live in the Glen Canyon & Bernal Park areas, St. Mary's Dog Park is a godsend.  It is a very nice park with real grass, and well thought out., something you can't always expect in every neighborhood.That said, for any dog park junkies who live in different parts of the city and have a car and go to places like Stern Grove, Ft. Funston, Crissy Field and other deluxe doggie places, this is not necessarily one to go out of your way to.  With so many other choices in what may be the #1 dog city in the world, St. Mary's is average in comparison.But, again, if you live in the neighborhood, by all means, it will very much hit the spot for your dog.And, I'd like to suggest to those folks in the Diamond Heights area to go here too.  The Walter Haas Dog Park on Diamond Heights & Addison is nowhere near as good.
It's march second already. Park was said to reopen on February 28. Yesterday it was closed because of the rain? Okay .. And today is a beautiful day and it's still closed. It was such a convenient park for my two dogs . Closed for the winter ? I had to go all the way across town to the golden gate park . I have a husky so I must go to a fenced park. It's pretty annoying for st Mary's to be closed for so damn long. All us dog owners in this area really need to do something about this . RIDICULOUS.
I've stopped taking my dog here as while the park itself is still very physically nice, there are enough irresponsible dog owners who take their un-neutered german shepherds and un-socialized/un-trained smaller dogs there such that there's always a risk of a dog fight.
In my quest to try all dog parks in the bay area - I came here for a change of pace. When I went - broken fence. Not cool. The freeway IS WAY WAY WAY too loud!!!!! Tiny streets for parking. Good water bowls and perimeter walking path. On the small side. Probably just a neighborhood place -  not meant for outsiders. If you are going to drive - might as well go to Fort Funston! Not the best place to take the pooch!
a friend wanted to take his dog to this park... so off we go. Beautiful December Sunday, weather sunny and in the mid 60's.... dog park CLOSED for the winter?  Really?
The playground at this park is terrific. Not much of a hassle, but all we noted was street parking, maybe there is a lot near other parts of the park but we didn't see it if there is. The playground is all cushioned ground cover. The play structures are newer and seemingly well-maintained. Plenty of space for lots of kids to play simultaneously. We will be back.
My baby Oreo misses this dog park so much. We just moved to NYC and by far our favorite fenced dog park in SF was St. Mary's.  NYC has nothing that we've found that matches the friendliness of this park and its owners. Sometimes dog walkers come which ruins the vibe a bit but overall the place is large enough for everyone. Lots of grass although the last year has been a struggle with the fish fertilizer. Many dogs can't resist making big holes in the grass. I hope they find a new way to fertilize b/c that's my only real complaint about this place. As is accustomed to anywhere in SF bring a jacket possibly even two. It gets super windy in the late afternoon.
Pretty nice dog park. Green & clean. Got a water fountain & it's fenced in. I've gone a few times & dog owners are friendly.
Most of the reviews are for the "dog" portion of the park, I know nothing about that but it must be the place to bring your dog b/c I often see many dog walkers bringing their dogs here.I love that this playground does NOT have sand. The structure is huge with various slides and climbing apparati. There is an updated version of a see saw, one of those spinning tee pee climbing things, 2 big kid swings, 2 baby swings, a long metal tube slide, a rock wall, and various other things to play on.There is also a basketball court and tennis court.Up above the playground is the gym, baseball field, and rec center. Various classes for the toddler/ preschool crowd are offered through parks and recreations.I remember the playground from the 80s, and man what a facelift St Mary's playground has gotten. It's a hidden gem in the city, but don't tell anyone about it. Seriously!
Nice playground for kids with lots of stuff to play on. The dog park is nice, when it's open. It feels like there is always some type of work being done on the dog park, so it is often closed. The field is great with lots of space.
This is a nifty playground with a lot of newfangled bits and pieces. It is extremely wheelchair accessible.  A system of 7 towers and ramps zig zags down over the playground's main level. The slope was very gradual, less than an ADA spec entrance ramp, so that I had no trouble coming back up to the top.    The play area surface is rubberized stuff and there is a good slope around the south edge that made me get to play skate park and try some tricks.  You could drive a power chair around this park and have a decent time, not be just stuck in the boring parts. Parents with disabilities and parents of kids w disabilities you will like this park. There is a sort of spinning merry go round with a net you can climb up from the inside, there's a rock climbing wall, there's weird balance things and 6 kinds of slides. Problems:  One -- one! disabled parking spot. Come on! Y'all just built a giant playground specially good for us! How about you make it so we can park at it!  More than one of us at a time!And oh, the bathroom.  How much could it cost to put a accessible porta potty down there on the flat level? I'll take up a collection, City people! It's a playground, we need to be able to pee somewhere that isn't a mile up hill from our children. Up the very, very, very steep hill not possible or safe to go up or down alone, is a gym and rec center, which has some bathrooms built in 1925 by, like, Oompa-Loompas, or fairies, or The Littles, or the mice from Redwall, because my 24" chair could not fit through the door or get into the bathroom stall where there were no handrails anyway. Fail!So, if you teleported to the park, and are  willing to risk wetting your pants, or can commandeer people to shove you up heart attack hill and can slither or hop to the bathroom, go for it, It's fun. No really - I'm 40 years old and kind of over  playgrounds, but I zoommed all over this place like a hamster in a new habitrail.  Go, Universal Design!
We are back in the City and in a different district so the dog park search has begun! Came around 6:30 and the park was nice and quiet (albeit windy!) with only about 4-5 dogs.St. Mary's is awesome! Nice big space, well maintained. We'll probably end up bringing a picnic if we come on the weekends. Sure, the freeway noise isn't much to be desired, but this really is a great park. It takes a bit to find it. Ended up parking pretty far and walking all the way around but a lil exercise is never bad!  We'll be back soon!
Best dog park in the city. Super grassy and the people aren't crazy (ahem, Upper Noe Recreation Center) FYI it closes for several days after it rains so save yourself the hike up and down that giant hill. Also, I heard a bunch of people have gotten robbed on the bridge so be careful.
Great dog park, separate from the kids area, it is down a windy path from Justin Dr. My dogs are huge fans of this park, it isn't too busy, they can run off leash and there are always friendly dogs playing there. Notes: clean, nice neighborhood.
Friday mornings are closed for what I assume is field maintenance. You and your pooch can come after 2pm and it should be open by then! :D
Where do I start? My shiba inu loves this dog park, super convenient location with a nice fenced area....BUT WAIT it's closed for some BS reason 9 out of 10 times...first it's closed for winter, then weather, so I gave it a sunny two weeks and guess what? STILL CLOSED
Very nice little dog park.  Super quick to get to from the 280.  Has a long grassy area that the dogs got a great run on.  Park by the kiddie park.  If you're facing that park, take a right and the dog park is down the hill on your left.  I hear the park has weird hours, and it closes during the winter because it gets really muddy.  But if you hit it when it's open, it's a very pretty spot!
Still love this park, but some of the dog owners, not so much. I really wish there was a process to weed out irresponsible owners who are both clueless about their dogs behaviors and arrogant with their own. I would fully support the need of certification for voice commands before someone was allowed to have their dog off leash.
Losing a star because of how long this place has been closed.  The sign says that it will be open again today (3/1/11).  Will return this weekend to see if this is true.
So the dog park itself is a bit hard to find using Google navigation. I decided to park at a small entrance gate up the hill and walk around until I found the dog park.One I found it Lucy and I were both super excited.For Lucy it is a nice fenced in large are with nice groomed real grass in the middle. For me, plenty of picnic tables and benches in the sun and the shade to occasionally sit down and soak up some of the sunshine. The sun is great right here in his neighborhood, and especially at the dog park because it's down on the backside of a hill which seems to protect against the wind making for a nice warm sunny spot; on sunny days of course.So now I know a better place to park to access the dog park a little easier... I think, and am looking forward to heading back her to wear out my puppy and work on my tan this summer
I love this place! Huge grassy areas for the doggies and plenty of room to runrunrun. My only real issue with the place is that people don't always pick up after their pooch and there's poop in the areas with the wood chips. I have a really strong feeling that my dogs ended up with giardia becasue they were.... uh... "snacking" at the park and ate some contaminated poo. The park is usually open unless it's been rainy. Mostly nice people, mostly nice doggies, good place to let the furry kids run crazy for a little while.
Just when I thought San Francisco was starting to run out of secrets.St Mary's Park is actually in a tiny little planned residential neighborhood of the same name that sits on the southwest flank of Bernal Heights.  Never heard of it?  Neither has anyone else.  Actually, the park itself is decently conspicuous on the Thomas Guide, but when you drive by on the 280, you can't really see it, even if you're looking for it.  Anyway, the front entrance is at the corner of Justin & Murray streets, but there's also a walkway up from Alemany and a pedestrian bridge from the other side of 280 that drops right into the park.  Like many hillside parks in SF, it's essentially terraced into sections: the upper level is a pristine baseball field, the middle level contains tennis courts and a mini-playground with sand, and the lower level is a dog park.  Other than that, there's really nothing here for park-walkers or promenaders.  Still, it's an impressively well-maintained place and a delight to any obscure-neighborhood enthusiast.
Thanks Lou.easy for telling me about this wonderful little park. Not too far from my hood.. Woot! I got there a little earlier, so I played with Cici and hoped she would run around. Next thing you know what looked like a little black chihuahua comes running up to me.. and then takes a small tinkle on my leg. 5 minutes later, he does that on another person's leg. I thought we were mutually exclusive, you little slut!! At least, there was a water fountain so I could rinse off, and a shorter one for the dogs to drink water. Oh, and some benches where I could sulk for a few minutes. I mean, really.. a dog fucking peed on my leg. When the rest of the ppls arrived, I decided against telling them about the pee dog ordeal, since it had already left. The park is spacious and fenced in, but I think tiny dogs could totally squeeze through the gate if they wanted to. Bring your dogs here to socialize. All the dogs were playful and enjoying the space to romp around.Cici was mostly hanging around me as per usual, but I hope she gets used to playing with other dogs too. Little chihuahua or whatever you are, I shake my fists at you!!!!
Besides Ft. FUNston, this is another one of my favorite places to take Yogi the 6.5lb black + tan chihuahua.  thanks to Linda B. for having an Easter Doggie Biscuit Hunt there and introducing us to this wonderful place!  here's what i love about it:- it's fenced in- it's fairly large so doesn't feel crowded, esp. when full of the bigger dogs or there is a lot of "fetch" being played- it has NICE EVEN GRASS (as opposed to gravel or wood chips - blech!), and nice landscaping/pretty flowers- it has TREES (lots of places for Yogi to pee on!)- it has benches, picnic tables and water for pooch and peeps - a great place to picnic while the pooches socialize- it's in the sun (if it's sunny that day) most of the afternoon- nice people!  (some dog parkers and walkers can be sooooo snooty and territorial!)- it's a straight shot down Mission for me, so although not walking distance, isn't too much of a pain to get too- easy parking!a few drawbacks but not enough to keep us away:- they tend to close during the raining season, or when they've had an unusual off-season downpour b/c drainage isn't too good- no double gate to keep pooches from running out- large gap around gate in which yogi is just small enough to fit through, but luckily hasn't tried yet!there are also tennis courts, a playground, baseball diamond, and an indoor basketball gym/rec center.  and they are doing more work/landscaping around it, beautifying it even more as we speech.  yogi gives it 4 paws up.  WOOF!
My greyhound, Jack Foley, LOVES this park, as do I. We visited it for the first time on Thursday and have been every day since.  Greyhounds have to be in enclosed areas to go off leash (trust me, they are almost impossible to catch!) and this park is perfect for Jack.  Not too big, not too small.  Lots of nice dogs who play appropriately.  And best of all: REAL LIVE GRASS!  Nothing makes me or Jack happier than when he's leaving all the other dogs in the dust, but he refuses to race unless he's on grass or sand.  Tired dogs are happy dogs... this place is a must!P.S. - We went tonight at 7 and the park was completely empty.  It was like having our own backyard!  Unheard of!
Thanks to my GPS, I was trying to find the park on Crescent Ave, not off Benton Ave.  After walking through a fairly innocuous entrance on Benton's deadend, turn right and walk down a gravelly hill, pass the children's playground until you get to the bottom of the hill to find this fenced off, grassy dog park.While not as large as Stern Grove's dog park, this little grassy area is perfect for someone who lives in the area and doesn't want to drive out to the Sunset.  Thanks to some lovely women I met on the weekly Saturday Ocean Beach dog walk, I, well, actually Chou Chou and I were invited to attend the Easter dog treat hunt.  It was a lovely sunny day and Chou met and ran with lots of other dogs, small and large.  Huzzah!!  When we got home, he basically fell over from exhaustion.While I still prefer Stern Grove, it's nice to know that there are dog parks even in suburban areas.
I used to come here all the time as a kid. The playground, the basketball court, the basketball gym, the tennis court that made me wish I knew how to play tennis, riding my bike around, playing baseball ... I've gotten boring over the years and now I just come here to vote.JONASAPPROVED!
I like this dog park. It's clean, it's near my house, the people there are friendly, and it's a good size for little walks with my two pups! We usually go to fort funston when we can, but St. Mary's dog park is the place to be when weather and time is a problem. I like this place and you and your puparoo will too!
I love having this great park so close to our house (we live a few blocks away). The dog park is lovely and although are dog is a little timid to play just yet, she likes being off leash and exploring in this large, fenced in area. The children's playground also looks amazing, though it will be a little while yet before we can use it! I agree if you aren't from around the neighborhood, it can be difficult to find and even more difficult to park.
My new favorite playground! From the magical entrance through a long, fast tunnel slide (big enough for a grown-up) to the climbing wall, this is really a sweet place to hang out. Plenty of interesting climbing structures; monkey bars, tall fire poles, a great big merry-go-round, and some free-form climbing structures rounded out with swings and bouncy-seats. The entire area is foam-padded mat (no sand), and St. Mary's has the coolest see-saw I've ever seen. Plenty of shaded benches built right into the structure, and good wind protection from the hill make it pleasant in many kinds of weather. My 4 year old learned to ride a pedal bike without training wheels here, so it will be forever in my heart.
i love the park.  my dog play and for two hour .
I wish I knew about this park before a tree fell on the fence and shut it down for a while. Nothing beats the Long Beach Dog Park, but this would be a nice park, if it wasn't almost always closed, and if there was a separate area for little dogs. My little dog is afraid of big dogs, and there may be drama.
Great little park for dogs.  It's fully enclosed for the dogs who can't be trusted.  The park is kept up very nicely.  Big lawn area in the middle with a path around, good drinking fountain, benches and picnic tables.  Some dogs can play too tough, some of the small dogs get trampled by the large ones.  So you have to supervisor their play.  But overall a nice park.  I prefer the Grove or Ft. Funston, with my dog, who's trained, but perfect place to take my foster pups. I can see how they interact with others, and no escapes!
My new favorite park. This park kept my son busy for 4 hours. It was a little windy but nothing a sweater can't fix. This park is great for kids 4 years and up. You can bring younger kids but be ready to stay close. There are lots of high spots for litte one to fall from. Overall I loved it for my group of friends and their kids. The other park goers were friendly too.
So this park on the south end of Bernal, closer to Mission than to Potrero (Justin and Murray), and newly re-modeled includes resurfaced tennis courts and basketball courts with (get this) new nets.  Big props to SF Parks and Rec on this one.But the best part is the new DOG PARK, enclosed and includes a grassy field with a paved circumfrence walkway and several bench areas to boot.Doggie water fountains also included.  On a gogeous days, this park is not too overcrowded and there seems to be no drama nor discrimination over big dogs and little ones.  A balanced and unspoiled environment for your loved ones.
This park is one of the great reasons why the south side of Bernal rules.  Others include Cortland Ave., the Farmer's/Flea Market, the 14x, and Giovanni's Pizza.The tennis and outdoor basketball courts are in great shape, and reasonably well-protected from the wind.  The dog park is the most beautiful I've seen anywhere... the only real problem is they didn't build the drainage right, so it's closed half the time during rainy season.   The indoor gym has lots going on, including basketball leagues and open court times.   And finally, the full-size baseball field has plenty of room.
As the only park in the newly-named Little Centro, I just thought I'd post an update letting everyone know exactly where they are when they bring their dogs to St. Mary's Park.  Little Centroamerica.
New dog owners, we have only recently started going here, and yes, now it is closed until spring, but we have used it a ton in the last month.  I was surprised to see the other reviews, for of the 20 or so times we have visited the park (granted, all after the time change and 6PM) there has been NO ONE there.  Seriously, just us in the entire dog park.  Serious luxury.  The park is incredibly well-maintained and well-lit.  It seems that the other visitors to the park are good about picking up after their doggies too, as we've never seen an orphaned turd - huge hurray.  Our little girl prefers to walk on pavement, so we are especially appreciative of the nice kidney shaped walk around the area.  It's a nice little pocket of green to enjoy with your pooch.
I'm reviewing the dog park (I haven't ventured anywhere else there).  We've been coming here after work and it's full of regulars.In general it's a nice enclosed dog park and the regulars are all very dog savvy.  There are the occasional dog owners that don't pick up their dog poo or don't understand how dog's behave / play but you'll encounter those folks everywhere.  I personally would avoid coming here around lunch time though.  It's a favorite place for dog walkers.  It can get a little too chaotic when there's 5 dog walkers and 30 dogs in such a small park.In general, it's a nice park and it's well maintained.  My doggie loves the fish fertilizer a bit too much sometimes.  I've yet to see the park closed for rain or poor drainage but I've heard it happens.
Here's another one to add to my list of "longtime" faves. It's never really crowded so it's easy to run ball. The field is often available if you ever want to set up a quick game. Bring your dog while you're at it.
