PROS:-very creatively designed: the sand pit is like a wide river going through the play area-tire swing (when was the last time you saw one of those?!)-swaying rope hammock (fun!)-huge spider web like climbing dome contraption (probably better for kids 5+years old)-wooden play structure with slide -small see saw for toddlers-large see saw for older kids-clean bathrooms (not only clean but supplied with toilet seat covers, toilet papers, soap, and paper towels! I was so surprised...after all, this is a public bathroom in the Mission)-benches for parents and caretakers to sit (shaded by trees)CONS:-no swings (but with all those pros, who really cares?!?!?!)
I used to call Parque Ninos Unidos "Poor Park", which, looking back, is an awful thing to say. My friend's mom used to volunteer with the weekly food giveaway and recruited he and I to beg for and then schlep food from the kindly vendors at the Stonestown Farmer's Market to Poor Park (there I go again!). Local merchants would donate extra food (bread, veggies, fruit, baked goods, etc.), which they ALWAYS had, to the local less fortunate, which I think is a kind gesture. Plus then they didn't have to bring it back to their farms or toss it.The man of the hour at the park is Tree, pedaling away on his bicycle-powered blender that he uses to whip up smoothies or chocolate ganache to be spread on Arizmendi's amazing sourdough. The park itself is in good condition with working restrooms and a small community garden. There's usually a lot of people on the weekends and the grassy area is perfect for laying on a blanket or playing catch or getting attention from cute dogs running around. It's a smaller park, not to be compared with Dolores or the like, but still a nice outdoor area that's walkable from the Mission or Bernal Heights.
Perfect size, small and cozy, close to everything. We were enjoying a donut at Dynamo and got a recommendation for this park from another family. It had clean restrooms, a semi-working water fountain, and plenty of benches for lazy parents like me. Thanks!
Really like this park. The only reason for 4 stars is that there's no swings. It's a park with no SWINGS!!!!!
This is my favorite park in the mission. The layout of the design holds space for multiple activities at one time. In the summer it is flooded with camps of all ages and there is space for everyone. In the winter it is warmer than other parks with its open spread and south facing orientation that the sun warms your bones in the late afternoon.  Another highlight is the Free Farm stand on Sunday afternoon which provides local organic produce for free along with free starts, music and a beautiful collection of people from many cultures and economic demographics. My daughter loves parque ninos. Despite some homeless visits to the bathroom and excess of ice cream vending and eating on hot days, this park is amazing. City of sf keep taking care (maintainable) of this mission gem!!
one of the most beautiful and sunniest children's parks in San Francisco
Parque Ninos Unidos would get five stars, if it opened its gates with any regularity. The sign says "open sunrise to sunset," but you can't count on this park to open before 9am and I've waited until almost 10am and left (with kid in tow screaming "Park! Park! Park?!") in frustration. Big kudos for the big kid/little kid separated play spaces, the well-stocked bathrooms and, most of all, the Spanish/English sing-a-long on Mondays (2 classes, 10:00am and 10:30am).
This is a fairly new, smaller park.  I like that it's gated and you don't run the risk of your child running into the streets.  The bathroom was clean and the play structures were very modern.  I especially like the spiderweb rope structure and the swinging hammock.  It's refreshing that they built something like this for the kids in this area.  It was long overdue.  There are no swings here so they get knocked one star.  What were they thinking when they decided to not build swings?  This place is still lots of fun for my little ones and we try to come here so they could blow off some steam anytime we visit the in-laws.
