Costing no more than the fuel it takes to trek from your home, the Pemberton Steps in the Twin Peaks area is a little slice of heaven in metropolitan SF.I'd consider this urban hiking, but you will be whisked away for about ten to fifteen minutes in eucalyptus lined serenity as you find your way through the sutro forest. wear some sturdy shoes, go ahead and arm yourself with some peet's coffee or coffee bean, and park either at corbett & clayton if you want to tackle the pembertone staircase right away or anywhere along parnassus in cole valley if you want to begin/finish near refreshment.the views from the top are breathtaking. the bricklined streets on farnsworth take you back. and the clean air will rejuvenate you.i have fallen in love with twin peaks.
Just old steps. Fun view of the city and of the fancy houses/yards. The highest portion was closed. There were lots of tourist walking groups on the path eating their lunches.  A neighborhood kitty was quite friendly- following us up and down the steps.
These steps are a hidden gem. Partly because of the novelty of each staircase sort of having its own personality and boasting incredible views, and partly because it leads you into a very neat neighborhood (crown terrace) that winds right up to Tank Hill. Make an event out of it! And you can also choose to trek over to Twin Peaks or Mt. Sutro, which are both shortish walks away.
You'll be surrounded by an array of charming little gardens each with their own quirks,  hidden doorways to houses, trees that shade you just enough from the sunlight, benches inviting you to sit and stay while you take in the view of the city.  It's verdant and absolutely gorgeous. Keep in mind that this is a residential area.
Fun staircase but beware that it leads to no where and is located in the middle of no where.
San Francisco is home to many staircases. And these are one of my favorite.  They climb up the East of Twins Peaks and offer an amazing view of the city.  If you're an avid SF Staircases lover, you have to check these out. I use them often on my running route. They are one of the hidden gems of San Francisco.
I was blown away by this staircase (but be sure that you access it from the top, unless you are very young and very fit!).  A denizen of the S.F. peninsula, I had no idea that such staircases  exist in the Twin Peaks area.  But what a treat to be here --amid well-kept gardens, and on a perfect staircase which itself seems to have been recently re-engineered.  (From my experience, this is the most perfect staircase in the city.)
Perfect for daily exercise. I never noticed these steps until I found it on the Yelp app. There are hundreds of steps separated into two (or maybe it was three) sections. The upper most is very uneven pavement. The nicest one is the lowest section since it is surrounded by gardens and has a bench and water fountain. On a cold day, be sure to dress appropriately as the fog does come in with the wind! The 33 Stanyan bus stops are really close by and there's a small garden across the street.
