Wonderful space and location for a (free!) photography exhibition and I like the policy that they only allow a limited number of people at any moment. True, you'll have to think and plan in advance and book your entrance (if you're also signing up for other people, don't forget to include their names in the reservation), but the result is peace and quietness in which you can enjoy and experience the exhibition.We saw Paul Graham, which was interesting and depressing, but portrayed a genuine picture of the inequality in the US and the not so pretty sides of Life in America. Looking forward to visiting again when there is a new exhibition.
Not since Berlin's "Buck & Breck" had I approached such an unassuming, secret entrance.  The Buck & Breck doorbell led me to a night of debauchery.  Pier 24's doorbell led me to photographic art.  Each has its merits.  Pier 24 sits on the waterfront, under the Bay Bridge, behind two locked doors.  Before you press the bell and announce yourself, you'll notice the old train tracks that go straight out on the pier, remnants of another age.  Once inside, a free coat/bag check is proffered and an explanation as well.  "The only things on the walls are the art.  There is no further explanation."  As such, be certain to take the photo book they offer, opened to the page which displays a museum map.  You'll need it, as there are currently 17 exhibit rooms and they're not arranged logically.  I chose to follow the map in order, noting the adjacent page which contained names of each room's artists and the names of their works.  I was more than halfway through the exhibit before realizing that the rest of the book contained more than just reproductions of the featured photos.  There were also artist statements which helped me better comprehend some of the work on display.  It's a stylistic decision to include nothing but art on the actual walls and, though the book works, I'd personally prefer not having to lug it around for two hours.  The museum is carefully curated, with (to date) annually changing exhibits.  Your experience itself is also curated:  admittance is by advance reservation only, for one of three 2-hour time slots, and only 20 people are admitted per slot (though they do allow up to two classroom visits at a time, for educational purposes).  Rarely will you have more than one or two people in the same viewing room as you which translates into a pretty ideal viewing experience.  In addition to the book thing, I've a few other nits to pick:  1) They could offer more seating throughout the exhibit 2) they could work to place more art at, rather than above, eye level and 3) it would be helpful if the staff were immediately identifiable as such.  Why?  Well, it is tiring on the feet to hold the book open, page back and forth, and stand.  It's tiring on the neck to do so while looking upward.  And finally, when you wish to scrap the book altogether it'd be nice to know exactly who can answer questions about what you're viewing.  Pier 24 is a pretty wonderful, below the radar place to view art (for free, did I mention that?) and none of my issues are deal-breakers.  In fact, having been once, I've got designs on turning this into an annual outing.  My gripes about the seating and the book are simply to ensure I can continue to enjoy the place for as long as I wish.  Other sundry tips:*  Free reservations can be made easily via Pier 24's web site.*  The photo books are available for purchase.  *  I was through with the exhibit in 90 minutes; my son was still engaged at the 2-hour mark (he didn't go in order and wound up missing some rooms).*  Unlimited duration metered parking ($3.50/hour) is easy to find along this part of the Embarcadero.  *  It's a quick walk to/from the Embarcadero BART station and the Ferry Building.  *  If you exit around closing time in the winter, chances are you'll be right there beside the Bay Bridge as the light show starts.  Enchanting.
photography, check.museum, check.beautiful, check.limited number of patrons, check. no lines, check.free, check. awesome experience, usually. PS: just a suggestion to any parent(s) out there planning to bring a child under the age of 7 or 8: DON'T. your goddamned, bratty, poorly-behaved children will ruin everyone's experience by running, screaming, talking too loudly, touching the walls (or worse, the artwork) and annoying other patrons. fwiw, any parent who 'negotiates' with children should be bludgeoned. you're their parent, not their friend. act like an adult with authority and consistency, and teach consequences. 'nuff said!
The Paul Graham photo exhibit is mind stretching. His philosophy results in sequential images that are striking and impactful. The three periods of his work are brilliant and thought provoking.  He is truly a genius. Don't miss this show. It's free, and street parking is easy during mid-week. We also had the pleasure of a "docent" tour by Seth, one of the principals of this private museum. He added so much to our enjoyment.
I came here for the exhibit, A Sense of Place a little over a month ago. And it was amazing. I've never visited any gallery/museum and experienced a sense of the curated space as much as this one. The way the galleries are exhibited is an art in itself and it being a photography gallery, the experience felt really cinematic. My favorite works were by John Chiara and Lee Friedlander. Make sure to set up an appointment before the visit. Because it's appointment only basis, it's not over-crowded and overwhelming. Also, the admission is free of charge so don't miss this gem of a place in SF!
2010 was a good year for art and performance in San Francisco, which renewed our faith that our little fishing village is not always so sleepy. Highlights for us were some of the City Arts and Lectures, Richard Lewis @ Cobbs, a chance to see the Anderson Collection on Sand Hill Road in Menlo, Impressionists at the DeYoung, Marin Theatre Company, the Magic Theatre and ACT each producing one of The Brother/Sister Plays trilogy. How lucky we felt, after all those treats, to have a chance to visit The Pilara Foundation's new 28k sq ft space devoted to photography. Showing now through 2/28/11 is much of the collection of Randi and Bob Fisher, and it is amazing and wonderful and entertaining and thought provoking and just all around grand - with Diane Arbus, Gary Winogrand, William Eggleston and Walker Evans among those represented. Bob Fisher "collects deep" into an artist, which means there are three rooms (3 rooms!!!!!) of beautifully presented Walker Evans. It is both maddening and liberating that nothing is marked in the galleries. We are so used to reading signage, and being told what we should think - resulting in a narrow and uniform interpretation of what is hung. It is, I think, Mr. Pilara's idea not to fill your head with pre-conceived notions - and it's his space, so he gets to do what he wants. There is a catalog to follow which gives information on the artists and a map of the warren of galleries indicating who is in what room, but it's not so easy to follow either. Oh well. Here's what you get in return: It's free. You sign up from their website to visit in a 2 hour time slot Mon-Thurs. A maximum of 20 people are allowed in at a time. It's quiet. 2 hours will seem like not enough, and we cannot wait to go back to see some of Andy Pilara's collection and whatever else they have up their sleeve at Pier 24. Thank you for this gift to our fair city!
I LOVE this museum.Being a photography enthusiast, this is my kind of place.I was there for the "About Face" exhibit, and I just loved taking my time studying all of the photographs.I think I spent most of my time looking at the criminal records cards.If you love photography, you MUST visit this place.A perfect way to spend a rainy afternoon.Already looking forward to their next exhibit.If you're looking for a great place to have lunch after your tour, across the street is Palomino's.Town's End is also in that location for a great breakfast before the tour.
AMAZING. For a free visit, Pier 24 exceeded most places I've been to with paid admission. I love portrait photography, and the current "About Face" exhibit was right up my alley. My favorite room had "The Family" by Richard Avedon; it's a collection of the most influential people at the time he took the photos in 1976.  I do have to say that I both love and hate the fact that there are no descriptions with the photographs. It's very clean to look at, but more often than not, I found myself flipping through the provided guide rather than just enjoying the piece. The docents were super helpful, and though we didn't ask them anything during our visit, one was always nearby ready to answer questions. It's also very nice that there are only a handful of people milling around at any given time. No fighting to look at something with a billion other folks! We were able to right up to the portraits and marvel at the details. Make reservations a few weeks in advance. They are only open from 9-5 on Mondays through Thursdays, and visits are scheduled in 2-hour blocks. This was my favorite Monday thus far! I can't wait for the next exhibit, but I'm already planning to visit this current one again.
What a nice treat it is to have this warehouse that has been turned into a museum. There are 17 rooms. The exhibition highlights 150 years of photography. You have to have an appointment to view the photographs for 2 hours but  it is F-R-E-E to visit. I particularly like Erik Kessels' "24 Hours in Photos" . It is a room full of photographs printed from a 24 hour period on Flickr. There are also some very famous photographers such as: Stieglitz, Cartier-Bresson, Imogen Cunningham and more.
The best part of this venue has to be the experience of seclusion made possible by the museum's limited reservation per time slot rule. This makes it possible for you to be able to truly view and quietly contemplate photography. Usually their video installation is, at least for me, pretty...meh, which is to say not the highlight for me. I feel differently after having seen its current showing: a film that can be seen as a visual symbolic revolving around the inevitable truth, that all of what we see as the foundations of a life built with another person will lead to a slow but eventual crumble--implying an impermanence, as if there was never any structure to begin with.
The Pilara Foundation bought this run down pier and turned it into an absolute gem. This hidden gem in SF is a must for any photography buff. Whether you're a professional or a hobbyist, the work here will blow your mind.The Foundation provides the curators with the freedom to fill up the pier with amazing works of art. Their most recent exhibit focused on portraiture spans from dust-bowl era photographs to famous photographers like Richard Avedon. It's a bit difficult to find the entrance, but once you figure out, you feel just a bit cooler. I've gone there twice during my lunch break--just go online to make a reservation.
Took the day off in order to check this place out, it's only open Mon-Thurs. I thought it was worth it. The weather that day was nice and sunny and the "Faces" exhibit going on was fantastic. You have to go online and make a reservation first though and the day before our appointed visit, they told me they were booked. It's free admission so I didn't mind too much to have to commit to a set 2 hour appt window on a specific date. If you love photos, check this place out and take a stroll along the beautiful Embarcadero. We found parking along the Embarcadero and used our credit card to pay, it was only a couple bucks for 2 hours of parking.
First time to Pier 24.  You need to make Reservations to go there M-Th by Appt only.  I made reservations as soon as I could & took the day off to see what was there.Pier 24 is South of the Ferry Building under the Bay Bridge.  When I got to the front door I pressed a button and told the girl that I had reservations she let me in.  Opened door one, then wait for that door to close before opening door 2.Signed in and then got a photo brochure "From the Collection of Randi & Bob Fisher".  Bathrooms (separate bathrooms but only 1 toilet/sink in the woman's so might have to wait) to the Left of the Entrance once inside.There's a bunch of rooms with photos.  None of the photos have names, descriptions, etc.  Just pics only.Photos allowed, just No Flash.  It took me about 30 minutes to see it all, but I had a 2hr window from 1-3pm if I wanted more time.  It was a Self-Guided tour.Make reservations here:pier24.org
It's always nice to discover a new downtown art location, and this is a pleasant walk along the Embarcadero to an unflashy pier building, which is only open limited hours.The big problem is the no-text-on-the-walls policy! They explain this to you when you go in, and encourage you to take a catalogue, but:-the layout is confusing and the curation unclear, so having to search in a book for where you are is a pain.- the rooms are inadequately lit which makes it hard to read much, especially the TINY text in which the artists' names are printed. The poor lighting was also apparent in reflections and unnecessary shadows on the artwork.-it's irritating to be looking up and down from the page to the wall (apart from the focus-change eyesight problem in 40+ year-olds).Even as a seasoned art-viewer who doesn't like long explanatory wall texts and art-jargon, I do occasionally like some context with the works, and I find this policy pretentious and annoying. I understand the concept of "nothing should detract from your emotional response" blah blah blah but, in our Western, literate, world, the reality is that context helps one's appreciation. OK, we can recognise the Avedons and Arbuses without prompting (and can feel superior doing so) but, especially with the less known, smaller photos, some explanation--even just a name, or a date, or the title of a series!--is helpful. I noticed that the most interesting (and most-frequented) rooms were the ones where the photos included text in them, like the series of people from 9 years old to 100 (hung in a series in a single room, all it included was first name and age with each photo) which was fantastic. Also: too few benches or seating/waiting options--none in/near the entrance!This photography collection seems good, but it's kind of hard to tell what with the meh curation and the poor U.I.
Simply outstanding!For whoever is fond of modern photography, it is a must-see. All the big names are represented.The "by appointment only" makes the experience even better ...unless you are more into taking a picture of yourself facing Mona Lisa while sharing the magic of the moment with 200 crazy tourists in a 5 m2 room.The staff does a perfect job. They're welcoming and helpful.I'm really glad I've visited the place. You should do the same.
I saw the "HERE" exhibit (until Jan 31, 2012) today. Beautiful. Loved the photos (Bay Area- 1906 earthquake to present). My favorite was the 5 minute clip from "Bullit" of the car chase scene. It's the first time I've seen the Taylor Street segment on a wide screen- like riding a roller coaster (note: those of you who don't like roller coasters, might get a little sick to the stomach during this portion).
I waited a year to go to this place because it's only open on the weekdays during regular work hours. My friend suggested I come here and I'm so glad she did. The space is airy, open and minimal which really let's you take in the artwork. Even though there weren't descriptions on the walls about the photos, there were a few people who worked there who were happy to answer any questions about the work. If you love photography, this is the place to immerse yourself in it.
Today was my second time visiting Pier 24 to see the current exhibition, From the collection of Randi and Bob Fisher. After seeing the first exhibition, I was extremely excited to see what Pier 24 had in store next. The space (and I emphasize the word space, as I had so much room to just be with the work on the walls) truly gives the photographs an opportunity to be viewed with the respect and attention they deserve. Unlike larger institutions, I felt so lucky and relieved to not have to elbow past other visitors in a chatter-filled gallery just to catch a glimpse of the work on display. I also thought it was so refreshing to not be inundated with text on the walls - instead I was able to really look at the photos. Pier 24 has really set an amazing standard for itself, and I hope it will keep up the great work for many years to come.
superb. quiet, fully immersed experience. tons of space to explore without being in a crowd rivaling that of the malls. some of the works are really magical; some not so much - such is life. it's in a great location too -- right under the bay bridge. free entrance, must book a visiting time in advance on their site. one improvement i'd like to suggest to the powers that be -- make it possible to book appts for more than one person at a time, thanks.
Yes, the photos are amazing and the space is probably the best exhibition space for photography I've ever seen. However, there's an odd elitism about this place. There is absolutely no information about the artists on the walls, and while I get the idea of not having distractions, I think it's ultimately a bit disrespectful of the photographers and visitors to keep this information so "secret." There was one set of thumbnails at the front desk, but I was told they aren't meant to be shared with visitors (although I noticed one couple had gotten hold of it). I was also told that docents have detailed information, but I never saw one other than standing around at the front reception desk. So a mixed review. Incredible photos, but a slightly holier-than-thou attitude. After all, this is not a regular museum. It's a private collection, and they are beholden to no one. And access is strangely limited. But go. You can get past these frustrations in order to appreciate an amazing collection and a beautiful space. Just prepared to have a wordless experience.
This place is only worth visiting if you are already such a photography maven that you need no information whatsoever.  We are generally sophisticated consumers, but this place offers nothing only you are a real expert on whatever they are showing.  Photographs are displayed without reference to the artist, location, historical context or even the name of the piece!  The catalog that they give you is nearly impossible to follow.  Supposedly docents are available to answer questions but they would basically have to follow you around and give you information about every piece in order to match the art experience of many other modern photography galleries, such as Annenberg Space, the Getty, and other museums here in the Bay area.  There is no warning of this policy on their web site and the explanation they give is arrogant and unresponsive.  Unless you are already such an expert that you need no context, choose another museum.
