Really beautiful Pier!! I feel like Pier 14 gets a lot less attention that it deserves, in a good way, that means it's not very crowded. Going onto Pier 14, you are lined parallel with the Bay Bridge - so you definitely get a great view of the Bay Bridge. When you walk out to the very end of Pier 14, turn around and you get a glamorous view of the tall skyscrapers behind you, on your right, a few ships and the Ferry Market, on your left the Bay Bridge.I LOVED coming here at night, especially if you like taking picture, this IS the place to be if you set your camera to 2 seconds shutter speed - WOW. The picture definitely looks better than the actual scene itself.
On an abnormally cold night in San Francisco, small groups of tourists walk along the pier, enduring the frigid costal air and taking in the unique illuminated landscape of the city and the salty smell of the San Francisco bay. On pier 14, a peculiar structure sprouts up from the wooden deck; resembling a familiar organic form that one can't quite put their finger on, with its cold stainless-steel tendrils and LED buds extending toward the sky in a latticework of sandblasted metal beams.  As I sit on the cement bench observing the 25-foot tall sculpture, every so often someone will approach it curiously and press the button located on a podium at the edge of one of the two wooden platforms the sculptures sit on. The action sets off a sequence of multicolored LED lights that shoot from one structure to the other, creating a combination of colors capable of 1.6 million different outcomes.i The sculpture, Soma (2014), by the woman's art collective Flaming Lotus Girls, is only one of many new public art editions that have sprung up along the Embarcadero in the past three years. Along with The Bay Lights (2013) that illuminate the Bay Bridge directly to the south, and the Embarcadero's newest edition, Buckeyball (2016), another LED-heavy piece by the same artist, Leo Villareal, Soma serves as an attraction for pedestrians walking along the pier at night and a way of beautifying the city.iSeeing Soma, and the other art installations situated along the tourist-heavy Embarcadero, I can't help but view these pieces as a representation of San Francisco's rapidly changing culture in which tech and private interests have woven their way into art forms and subcultures throughout the bay area. At the same time, I'm torn. Many of these new public art pieces are visually engaging and a demonstration of technological innovation, and Soma, in its shimmering stainless steel and interactive LED splendor is no exception. Jerry Saltz expresses a similar dilemma when writing about the semi-privatization of public art, specifically New York's Highline when he says "this semi-privatization of public space has produced some of the best public art the city has seen in decades." ii He goes on to pose the question, "what am I supposed to do when cultural forces I loathe are responsible for something like a new golden age of public art, which I always felt was important, but also maybe something like impossible?" ii  I share some of the same sentiments in this regard.From a formal standpoint, one can't help but be struck by Soma's multi-colored lights and organic forms inspired by brain neurons that are connected by an axon bridge of metal beams, rendering microscopic organisms on a macro scale.i  Being able to press a button that sets off an electrical impulse of brilliantly colored LED lights that span from one neural structure to the other elicits a child-like sense of play among observers who get a first-hand look at the microscopic processes going on inside their own head. It's not surprising that the mind-bending project was originally made for Burning Man, the LED lights replacing the flames that initially shot from the sculpture when it was first displayed on the playa in 2009.iBesides being funded by Burning Man's arts non-profit, Black Rock Arts Foundation, and the Port of San Francisco, the Flaming Lotus Girls also raised $17,000 from a Kickstarter campaign to fund Soma. While the project was funded primarily by the Flaming Lotus Girls art collective, it follows a tradition of government leaders using culture as a means of supporting their own agenda for promoting urbanization.iii In the case of San Francisco, public art projects are a way of attracting high earners and tourists. This principle is discussed extensively by Martha Rosler in "Culture Class: Art, Creativity, Urbanism, Part 1." In her analysis of creative culture and urbanization Rosler states "The provision of so-called quality of life enhancements to attract these high earners became urban doctrine, a formula consisting of providing delights for the male managers in the form of convention centers and sports stadia, and for the wives, museums, dance, and the symphony." iii Is it a coincidence that the Flaming Lotus Girls piece is titled Soma, a San Francisco neighborhood of the same name that has become rapidly gentrified in the wake of the city's tech boom 2.0? While the piece was named in 2009, well before its installation on the San Francisco pier, the Flaming Lotus girls must have made this connection at some point. I'm not disputing the merit of the Flying Lotus Girls intentions when creating this stunning work of public art. However, I do question the larger implications of what this, and similar pieces represent when speaking of a changing city whose values have been shifted by tech interests.
My favorite pier in SF!I think the gate to the pier opens after 7am because it wasn't open when I got there at 645am on a Sunday.It's pretty brutal to sit out here in direct sunlight during the day, so the best time to go is at sunrise, sunset, or at night.Nice views of the Financial District and of the Bay Bridge.
This has gotta be one of the most beautiful piers in San Francisco.I took a walk on it yesterday when it was sunny and clear (a gorgeous Sunday).People were strolling with their families, the blue of the sky reflected on the Bay.A gentle ramp starts your ascent onto the Pier. The railing looks like the curve on a rattan basket except it's silvery metal.Along the Pier there are pairs of chairs which you can sit in to admire the view but also spin around in a circle just for the fun on it!On the side at the base of the railings, a few ceramic tiles with pictures (sailboat, etc).The view is breathtaking! You can watch as tankers roll in. Cargo ships coming in and out.There are private boats, ferry boats, commercial vessels.If you love being near the water (without getting your feet wet), if you have someone to take on a walk (even a dog), this Pier is special: a little bit artsy, a little bit utilitarian, a little bit of what makes San Francisco unique. I love it!
I've always loved Pier 14.Before the light show was installed on the Bay Bridge, it was an awesome spot to walk out on at night and feel one with the bay. Without the lights, all you could see was blackness. Turn around and you'd get an awesome view of San Francisco. Now, with the light show, you get a great close up view along with the lights of the city!During the day, it's just a great spot to walk out on for views. Both of the bridge and SF. It can be a little touristy during the day, but it's never been super crowded during a day visit.Pier 14 has always been one of my favorite piers. Great for photo ops and enjoying the beauty of San Francisco!
Favorite place favorite pier in the city. The view and the walk is the best here. Very peaceful and very clean area.
Great view of the San Francisco downtown skyline and an awesome close-up view of the beautiful bay bridge, especially of the bay lights at night. It can get quite windy out here but definitely worth walking down.
Pier 14 was the former breakwater for San Francisco's Downtown Ferry Terminal. After a 2.3 million revitalization project, the pier was opened to the public in of June 2006.I think it was money well spent! Today this 637-foot long pier offers sweeping views of the bay, city skyline, and ships gliding by.I like to walk out on the pier just before sunset and watch the lights on the bridge come on and then look back at the city. However, it is a great spot anytime of the day.
this is a great place to take a post-meal stroll if you want to take in some breathtaking views of the bay and bay bridge.  i recently took some out of town friends for a short walk along the embarcadero and we decided to walk the length of this pier.  around the midpoint, we saw a very touching memorial for kate steinle, the young woman who was fatally killed by gun shot a couple of weeks ago.  at the end of the boardwalk, there were quite a few tourists (or locals), just taking in the cool summer breeze and blue skies...this definitely made for a great picture spot!
Take a date here ;) so simple yet so impressive! Bring a camera
TL;DR: Great views, nice little escape.I walk down the length of this pier twice daily during the week as part of a little route I do to get some exercise.  The views on days when the weather is nice are fantastic!Bay bridge and Treasure Island in front of you, the whole sprawling city behind you...its a great place to stop and have a zen moment away from the hustle for a couple of minutes.  Sometimes its cool to watch the ships roll by, other times you may catch the fisherman down at the end...I've even seen sea lions off the end of the pier.Also the Ray Gun Gothic Rocket Ship is just near the entrance, and you know that thing is awesome.
Reason #106 why I live here. When you come to the city,  come here after dark to see the Bay Lights. This little pier is new and clean with great fun little chairs. I have some great evening memories on this pier.
My favorite place to go running. Plenty of things to look at and enjoy while exercising which his helpful to distract you from exhaustion. You can start at the Wharf and run all the way passed the ball park if you feel like running that far. If you can keep going and make it to Mission Bay you can get to see some floating houses near China Basin.
Great view, nice place to have a little stroll and then relax on one of the swivelling chairs. I I worked nearby, I know where I'd take my lunchbreak!
This is a great pier to get away from the madness of the Embarcadero once in a while.  It's right at the end of Mission Street and you see all kinds of people strolling there.
Just one of the many great areas to visit in San Francisco.Rain or shine, it's always a relaxing way to take in the city and loose your thoughts. A great people watching experience as well.Always something interesting to see, like I experienced here.yelp.com/biz_photos/pier…Wonderful views, including a view of the Bay Bridge.Places to sit and take in everything your eyes will see.Seagulls might even stop by for a visit.You can also grab a cup of coffee at the Starbucks near by.
Pier 14 offers a magical nighttime view of the Bay Bridge, East Bay, and city. I highly recommend Pier 14 as a detour from your stroll down the Embarcadero as no one in San Francisco should go through life without having experienced this incredible (and free!) view.
Why is pier 14 yelp.com/biz_photos/Lzjo… next to pier 2 & not next to pier 15?The view is AMAZING, especially on a sunny day. Great views of the Bay Bridge yelp.com/biz_photos/Lzjo…, Port of SF, Coit Tower yelp.com/biz_photos/Lzjo…, kayakers, boaters, sailors yelp.com/biz_photos/Lzjo…, & people fishing yelp.com/biz_photos/Lzjo…. There are individual rotating seats along the pier, which I think is really cool.A great place to take tourists.
There's something about this pier that makes you realize just how small you are in this world.  Looking over the railings into the huge body of water, waves crashing into the sea wall, and the throngs of people surrounding the immediate area to take pictures, smell the salty air, take in the water's mist, and glance at all the architecture around either side of the pier, and the Bay Bridge in its near distance, you realize you're just a grain of salt.  Albert Einstein said, "It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely". Funny to think that a man of his caliber would be lonely; he was known universally.  My universe exists within my 49square miles, my home, my City by the Bay, and it feels like all seven billion of the world's population is here sometimes, and yet loneliness takes over.  Reaching out doesn't work all the time, and sometimes you just sit in your dark corner watching, listening, wondering why everyone else is noticed, heard, seen, responded to in like fashion, and given emotion to back and forth, while you are consumed in loneliness.  The piercing pain is the only thing that lets you know you're still alive, and that pain is the only thing that doesn't leave you.  I understand, Sir Albert. I understand.   I guess that's why he became such a marvel in the world of science, he consumed himself in work to get over his loneliness and in the process, invested his life into his work and invented so many things we take for granted today.  I wonder if I can ever do the same or achieve some form of greatness like Albert in my universe of law.This pier is also a wonderful place to just stand and literally watch the parade go by.  Thousands upon thousands pass, walk, run, take pictures, eat, drink, pray, and do countless other things along this pier each and every day.  It's a simple stretch of walkway with millions of untold stories of happiness, pain, suffering, joy, triumph, sadness, victory, life, tourism, you name it, this pier built upon wood and bolts can probably tell you.  Listen to the power of the water as it bellows upon the wall and takes its form before returning to the ocean.  Take in the sounds of the monstrous vessels at sea as they come and go from the Port, watch as the sunlight bounces off the water, and remember, you're a small piece of the world's pie.My pier's untold story is simply, contemplation.  Contemplating my very existence in this world, how to make it better than I found it, how to share it with people, and how to not let anyone's words discourage and hurt any longer.  As I peer over into the water, I see a blurry reflection and wonder what it really means.  Is it saying, the present and/or future is clear or unclear? Are you all in? Is it saying, go for it? Take the leap? As I close my eyes to try and define and read between the lines, I can only see that standing here, contemplating my next steps for hours on end, helps me take in a broader perspective that if a grain of salt wanted to turn into a snowball, you need to speak up.  You need to let yourself be heard, seen, and understood.  Nonetheless, as I open my eyes to see exactly what the world has to offer, I know it's going to be a brighter day after taking in all these reflections and had a chance of self-reassurance.  Next visit will definitely provide more direction on how to accomplish these goals.  It's a work in progress.
Beautiful place to just sit and enjoy the waterfront. I love the wonderful view you get of the bay bridge especially when it's lit up at night. Walks here are always really special.
400th Review! I might as well do it on something I love, Pier 14. I love this pier because its so under rated and is essentially hidden to everyone else. This pier is pretty empty at most times which I love. Its nice and quiet and makes for great photographs. It has a nice view of the bay bridge and can be a good fishing spot. Just overall a very relaxing place to be above the water.
Nice spot to get romantical with your significant other while watching the Bay Bridge Lights.
I love this spot. On nice sunny days it's a great place to soak in the sun and just check out the great view of the Bay Bridge. It's also popular for photo ops.
Nice place to get some fresh air and check out the tourists. Grab a bite to eat in the ferry terminal.
Decent pier. It is clean, have seats to sit and eat lunch. Great view of the Bay Bridge.
Cool take in.  Just a short walk and the views are great.
Part of my morning run route, this is my favorite spot to stop, take a deep breathe, enjoy the glorious views of the bay and the bridge, and chill with my homies, the fishermen, down at the end of the pier. Conveniently located near the Ferry Building, this is also a good place to walk to on a foggy morning/afternoon with a flask of whiskey with which to spike your Blue Bottle coffee and grab a seat along the pier.Rain or shine, this is a fantastic place to be. Particularly because it seems to have not caught on as a real destination, especially at 6 a.m. So each and every morning, for just a few minutes, it's almost like it's mine-all-mine (and the fishermens').
favourite pier to run on at night because you'll get a great pic of the light pollution on this side of the city. it might get kind of scary because it's so dark, but there will probably be a lot of couples walking around + making out + looking at the bay bridge, even at 11 pm.  there's also a security guard that walks up and down it, so you don't really have to worry too much.with the new bay bridge lights, def def check out this pier (:
A really nice view of the bay bridge! There are also chairs there to sit on and they spin smoothly! I have so much fun just spinning in them. Definitely a good place to just relax and unwind with maybe a friend or two.I recommend this place!
Ah, good times with my old boyfriend. Pier 14 is the perfect place to stop by while having a romantic stroll with your significant other. It has the perfect view of the Bay Bridge. The feeling of the crisp breeze, as well as the sound of the seagulls, is very calming.
Discovered this last weekend on a walk along the embarcadero. I love the swivel chairs that face each other and on a clear night, the view is breath taking. My friend spent a good 45 minutes taking pictures of the SF skyline and the Bay Bridge. This place is definitely merits "This is why I love my city by the Bay."
A new pedestrian pier dedicated to former Mayor Art Agnos opened to the public on 16 June 2006.  Beyondchron.org article (beyondchron.org/news/ind…) explains how Agnos stood strong to support the controversial proposal to reopen the waterfront after 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake.  I wasn't here during that time, but I could only imagine the battles he had to fight on such a bold move.  I'm enjoying the outcome, which is a beautiful waterfront where I love jogging on weekends.    Pier had several rotating chairs to sit back and enjoy the view of Ferry Building, downtown, and Bay Bridge.  It gives you an unique view of the city without needing to drive to Treasure Island.    There was a temporary sign that noted Pier is open 6am-8pm.
"Do you love me?"That's the question I will always equate with this long pier into the bay. Not a simple question but at the moment i guess it was the only one that seemed to simplify. It's sometimes hard to be straight with a back drop like the one Pier 14 provides, I mean The Bay bridge is tremendous and majestic from this vantage point and Treasure Island offers a far shore of possibilities."Do You Love me?"Every damned time I walk passed this jutting slab of metal and concrete I hear those words and refuse to venture out their. Love is amazing. A love triangle is a horrible shape to be part of, the geometry never works."Do you love me?"The wind blew, the fishers stared out into the water contemplating futures and pasts, the German tourist couple wearing matching outfits asked me to take their picture. A ferry crossed. I felt sick.Her face went glum, then resentful and she refused to answer the question or peak to me again.I knew we should have gone to pier 39.
Every time I'm in this area of town for a work trip, I always go out on Pier 14! I love the view and that you can just walk out onto the water. Come out with your camera or a cup of coffee, grab a seat, and enjoy the beautiful Bay and bridge! :)
This is one of my favorite spots to go when i'm on my lunch break.  Just watch out for the seagulls.  do NOT feed them or they will circle you and wait to attack.  :)Great place to watch the boats and stare at our beautiful city. Cool boat tiles, too.
Beautiful view of the bay bridge and the city from this pier! Lovely place to take a stroll!
This place is pretttttttttty cool! Great spot to just walk along and enjoy the view. It's a good place to take some nice shots of the Bay Bridge too. There are seats along the pier and some art work to check out. If it's cold out, a nice cup of coffee or hot cocoa would be nice.
If you're looking for something romantic, walk down pier 14.The pier goes relatively deep into the bay and it feels like you're standing right next to the bay bridge. It's beautiful, relaxing, and hasn't been too crowded the days I've gone.There are swivel chairs =)Equally nice during a clear, sunny day and at night.
So, San Franciscans, been to the wharf lately? Well, I did today because I missed the water. And since I was on my bike, I didn't want to have to ride it uphill both ways to the ocean, so I just went east.It's amazing along the Embarcadero. I was born and raised in the bay area and I've lived in San Francisco for the last 12 years or so of it so this city is my life and pride. I can only say that on certain days - seeing certain things - I still blink and gasp a little. Today was one such day.Where the hell is Pier 14? Well it's near the giant spider. Gross. But, skirt around it and you'll hit an ugly concrete gate to the pier and then you'll have your view. The bay bridge looms large straight ahead, arguably, every landmark in the city is in full view from its magnificent deck: Telegraph hill, the Transamerica building, the Ferry Building, Hyatt Regency, etc.There's some chairs to sit on that rotates. Remarkably birdshit free.The other nice pier in the city is at the end of Pacific Avenue between piers 5 and 7. Check that out too. Decidedly more crowded, but wider and wooden instead of concrete. On a foggy evening, you can even feel Jack the Ripper nearby.I've enclosed some pics of it. Sorry for inferior quality but it was from my cell phone.
On the weekends, about the only place open for lunch nearby my office building is the Ferry Building, so I grab Delica's beef curry and come out to Pier 14 and sit in one of their beautifully designed rotating chairs.I love these chairs.  With a simple U shaped back and a slightly tilted seat, the matte silver echoes the steel of the Bay Bridge.  The Pier itself has thin multiple rails of stainless steel that ends with a circular platform out over the water.  Swirling around in those chairs, you can choose your view: the Bay Bridge (probably my favorite view), downtown San Francisco, the water with some sailboats gliding over and the East Bay.On warm days, it's bliss to sit out here.I only dock it a star for that hideous Burning Man sculpture which belies a lack of taste in the city government office that chose the scultpure as well as lack of taste in the artist (if one should even call the creator of such an eyesore an artist).
If you are in the area for the Ferry Building Marketplace, make sure you take a stroll or a run down Pier 14. You can't miss it...it's got a creepy, rusted metal sculptures of what appear to be a woman and child out front. (Yes, I know it's art and you might like it...but I think it's a creepy sculpture.)Anyway, my point is, this Pier is a great stroll that gives you views all around the bay and back at the SF skyline. If you run, as I did with my daughter, you can take a well-deserved break in spinning metal chairs along the way or at the end that allow you to sit in one spot and turn 360 degrees to see all views. You can also look at some nice, embedded ceramic tiles and quotes about the sea along the way.
If I had a guest from out of town and only had 1 hour to show off San Francisco to them, I would take them on Bart to the Embarcadero, get off and walk out to the end of Pier 14. Then I 'd make them do a 360 and i would say, "There's your San Francisco! How do you like it, out-or-towner?" Then, I'd watch them drool! Hell, I'm a native and it makes me drool every time I go out there.
Great view, especially at night!
Romantic... love it. Nice chairs - interesting the amount of space between them - they like to keep it PG, which I'm okay with. Love how it just falls over the bay and the view at night on that warm dark winters night in the 60s in January --- oh we're so lucky in SF -- makes you want to just hold someone tight. Possibly a great place at the end to propose to someone - hint hint (no I'm married).
