Great place to take a dog! My babies love coming here and can barely contain themselves as they sense they are getting closer to exiting the car.You can take your pet on a short walk around the lake, and when I say short, I mean it! There is an open grass field but it's sectioned by trees which make it seem as if it's "gated", WELL, depending on where you play with your dogs because the parking lot is next to the grass.There are people who walk here without dogs, too. Nice for everyone
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! But why 4 stars? Well, I was a little turned off by the fact that there were sightings of coyotes here. However, don't let that astray you from coming here!Our first time was coming here for the monthly corgi meetup. WE DID NOT EVEN KNOW THIS PLACE EXISTED IN THE CITY! It is a great place to bring your dog for some off leash fun.First of all, TONS of dogs come here. All shapes and sizes as well as different kinds of breeds.Here are a few PROs for this place:-FREE PARKING-BATHROOMS (A little dirty, but its a park who can complain)-PLENTIFUL ROOM TO ROAM AROUND-GREAT FOR RUNNING-WATER FOUNTAINS FOR YOU THIRSTY HUMANS AND DOGSCONS:-COYOTES-A QUESTIONABLE LAKE (Your dog might jump in it....because mine did)TIP:Watch where you step because some dog owners don't pay attention to their dog when they are playing. They poop on the grass and don't pick it up.Overall, I'm a fan of this place and glad we were able to find out about it. I'm definitely coming back.
Who knew this place even existed? Bring your dog to the open, off leash area then take the paved path towards this hidden natural, lake. You'll see Geese, Ducks, Turtles sun-bathing and what looks like Catfish as still as can be. Apparently this lake is one of the pit stops along the Pacific Flyway migration route. Because of this you are bound to see a variety of birds perched in the Willow trees, or hidden in the reeds. There were plenty of Butterflies and Dragon flies to keep us entertained as well.It is a protected area, so be sure to keep your dog on-leash. We saw one sneak behind the fence in 'hunting mode' rushing towards the baby ducklings - that wasn't cool. Luckily the ducks heard him and made a dash for the water. The path is not very long at all, but if you start at Vale Avenue, just off of Crestlake Drive, hang a left to start at the entrance of Pine Lake Park. The path will end at the intersection of Wawona & Crestlake where you can easily walk back to your start point - there you've done a nice loop. It is exactly 1/2 a mile.
Great place to bring your dogs and be free of judgement from taking them off a leash. However this isn't a place where you don't pick up after your dog and pretend you didn't see it because you will be called out. This is the ultimate dog walkers and dog owners park. There's lots to sniff and explore and there is almost always a group of pups ready to socialize your dog. If you don't have a dog it may surprise you how many are here but fret not as there are plenty of really cool trails to check out. There are many varieties of trees and flowers growing in this area. The lake is fenced off in some parts for your safety but it's still very much accessible. There are lots of poison plants that will get you if you decide to go off the paths.
I'm always up for trying new places with my pup. Letting him explore different types of areas. He really enjoyed the big open space. What's really nice about this park is that you have to drive down hill. So there is really no way for your dog to escape. It's like a gated dog park with out gates. The area is nice and relaxing to walk also. The minus star is because people are riding bikes a little to fast around. A dog could get hurt. And there should be limit to how many dogs people can watch some dog walkers don't even pay attention to what they are doing. It's a nice park but people are coming with kids and complaining About dogs ruining their picnic. It's like hello your at a dog park.
This is a nice park to take your dogs to but, the only thing bad about it are the other dogs and owners.  It is not a high amount, but all it takes is one bad owner to ruin an experience for many people.  There is a large off leash play area for the dogs to run around.  The dogs seem to love it.  We did see a couple of dogs catch a gopher and their owners had to chase their dogs away.  I was further away, but it looks like the gopher was still alive, but hurt.  These things happen and the owners did their best to stop it.  As we go further in the park, close to the lake, there is a dog water fountain.  Around the lake the dogs should be on leash, but the fountain was in between the lake and off leash play area.  Our dog went to go get water and an owner was their with her dog saying "my dog's not friendly" in a rude tone.  She was holding her dog on a bench, but with that many off leash dogs, why would you bring your "unfriendly" dog there for other dogs to walk up to.  I later see her walking through the off leash area (on the walking path) and warning other people to keep their dog away.  It shouldn't be our responsibility to keep our dogs away from your mean dog in an off leash area.  I completely understand if it was a leashed area or on the street.  Why take your unsocialized dog to an area where he/she is going to be uncomfortable.On our way out, still in the off leashed area, there was another dog on leash and can tell he was going to snap.  Our dog is friendly and went to say hi, which we are working on him not to, but once again off leash area.  This dog snapped at our dog.  He missed and the owners were sorry, but then again why should we have to worry if a dog is friendly or not at an off leash park.
So, disclaimer, I don't have a dog. Nevertheless I find this park lots of fun. Whenever I visit Stern Grove, I'll head this way and enjoy watching the dogs offleash run around and play. There is a paved path about halfway around the lake, which then turns to a dirt path, but easy short walk around.Love to watch the ducks, turtles and various other creatures. Such a peaceful, green place in the heart of SF. Great place to while away the afternoon...
This park is inside Stern Grove, but has a separate entrance and parking lot. It's nice that there is a city sanctioned off-leash area for dogs that is all day, versus almost all other city parks, which only have city sanctioned off-leash hours in the early morning or night. I like that this park has real grass as opposed to gravel, sand, or astroturf (fake grass). It's the most gentle on dog paws, so I don't have to worry that my dog's paws will get scuffed up. The only down side is that after rain there is mud (duh), and some parts of the grass are uneven or may have holes, so your dog or you could sprain your ankle if you don't watch where you walk/run.Tip: If you don't want to step into the bushes to pick up your dog's poop, don't let your dog off leash until after he/she poops.
Great for the dog. Enclosed, friendly, actual grass. Good stuff.
Rylee, my GSD loves seeing her BF Rex here. She also likes to splash in the pond to get stinky. Ryu, my husky also loves it here. There is a lot of open space to run around which includes various terrain like grass, dirt, a paved  loop trail surrounded by trees, a pond, and even a short fence for willing pups (and humans like my BF) to jump over repetitively.Generally, the owners here are very nice and include a mixed crowd of seniors, middled aged, college, teens, and supervised kids. I'm not just talking about homo sapiens, this includes canines of all sizes.The first time I came, I entered via Wawona side because that's where google maps led me but the parking lot is off of Crestlake. Also, when it rains or has rained a few days before, beware of the muddy puddles near the building/pond/water fountain area. This is not a park bordered by a fence so if your pup likes to run away from you or is working on recall, keep an eye on them!
Great place to socialize your pup! Cole the Corgi said, "I love it when my friends are there! Sometimes, my new friends won't play with me. I get so sad. I walk around the park with mommy instead. I wait for my other friends to come so we play tag! I am glad we have doggie meet ups on the weekends too! SO.MUCH.FUN. Great big playground for me. I get so excited when we reach to their parking lot. I can't contain myself!"
The park is a pretty nice place. There is room to walk/run around and tons of dogs.Only downside the place does tend to really smell bad- given its a dog park, but iv been to ones that dont have such a strong smell. Another thing Iv seen dog owners not pick up after their dogs and have realized its only something i see at this park. Other than that its a fun place to go to.
I remember coming here as a kid to the summer camp. Ah, the memories of building forts, making lanyards, and singing ridiculous camp songs all come back to me as I write this review.I remember seeing crawfish near the lake!! And I remember the kid I didn't like got pinched by one...muahahaha.Fast forward to the present and I still love this place. Now I come here at least once a week with my dogs. A heaven for dogs and dog-lovers. I love the smell of the eucalyptus and ivies. Lots of parking too.
Dog Heaven in SF!  Plenty of room for off-leash activity - note:  WITHOUT going into the kid camp area in the summer!  Have pity on me, people, when the goobers swirl around in the Dog Beemer... my dogs can smell Stern Grove as we drive down Portola Ave in West Portal.The park is way down below street level so, other than the parking lot, it is a great place for dog owners - nearly worry free regarding off-leash newbies and just beautiful.  Here are my tips.Know your dog and classify appropriately:  Puppy, Player, or Worker-Bee.  Look for similar dogs.  Mine are Worker-Bees...  the ball is their job and their passion and they're not interested in puppies or in playing.  They're fine with other Worker-Bees or Worker-Bee followers.  I'll even throw the ball for your dog.Don't say... "go play," "go get 'em" (especially while you're on your damn phone) unless you know what you're pointing your dog at.  If your dog is a Player, go find another Player (e.g., boxer) or a Puppy.For those of you with Puppy ("s/he just wants to play"), go get a 15 or 30 foot lead.  They get the feel of off-leash without being out of control. If your puppy has lost his/her mind (all dogs do) or they are still learning their manners, reel them in.  More effective than yelling their name & COME over & over again!  Understand that if they jump at an older dog's face or neck or try to hump, they will get "corrected."Pick up your dog's poop.  They're going to go even if they went at home - they're excited and they get a great work-out.  That makes them poop.  That's what dogs do.  If you can't find it, pick up an orphan poop (gross but so is your dog's poop).  There are usually bags at the entrance.  Carry them, use them.  If you forget, don't worry... ask... regulars usually carry extra.Take advantage of the community... if you need advice, there are plenty of experienced dog owners who will help.  They know their breeds / dogs and they end up knowing your's.  I go at the same time every day and have met wonderful people who appreciate my goobers and provide insight (you know who you are:  Bruno's, Sophie's, KP's, Charlie's, Rosie's, Sukie's & Melee's, & Cara's parents).  A corollary is to pay attention to the time that you go.  Is it working for you & your dog?  Best time, imho, is 8:30-10.  Fewer families doing before-school work-out and few dog walkers.
Love this dog park.1. It has grass.2. It has doggie water fountains.3. It's huge.
A hidden gem in the City.  Discovered it when we adopted a chihuahua and started attending monthly Chi meet-ups in the park.Pretty huge area with a lake at one end, and the other directly adjacent to Stern Grove.Plenty of on and off-leash areas and it's a nice stroll around the lake.It's like a little slice of country right in the City.Parking generally ok;  not too well served by MUNI.
This park is in the same area as Stern Grove, going towards the west. It's a nice enough park, very dog friendly. There is a lake at the western edge and yup it's called Pine Lake. Lots of cool birds. Don't try to walk up any trails unless you're leaving the park because that's what the trails lead to.. the exit. It's not the best park but it's good enough.
Great park for adult dogs!
Review for the dog park-I come here almost everyday. My GF and I have doggie play dates here. Great open space to bring your dogs to play. There are occasional dogs that don't listen to their masters. So keep an eye on your pup. Good amount of trash bins to throw away your poopy bags so you don't have to carry it around long. There's even a water fountain for dogs. I don't trust it so I bring my own water for my pup.
Lot of space to run around. People are awesome nice.
Like fellow Yelper Jennifer N., I too do not have a dog. However, I love coming by for a  brisk morning walk and looking at the adorable dogs and interesting fauna that reside in the area.Every once in a while, I see somebody clearing up the overgrown weeds and poison oak that grow on the side of the paths and trails as a volunteer! Very nice!I also love the regulars that come by here every morning! It's nice to see dogs begin to recognize me :D
I had a wonderful Sunday afternoon here with me pups at this park. I wanted to get her around other dogs so maybe she'll stop barking at them on the street. I've been here twice before, but that was before I had my own pup. Lots of parking on 34th and Wawona, we got there, I let her free, and my little hot dog ran for it. She had a blast walking alongside me and hid behind me when big dogs were near, but when she got comfortable, she ran, ran, and ran in circles to play. She didn't bark at other dogs, and didn't even go up to strangers when they had sandwiches like the other dogs did. She only barked when this lady tried to pet her..idk why people always do this frankenstein pose where they have both hands out and all their fingers spread out and make this "OooO" sound when they try to pet her. It freaks her out.There are bbq pits here, but I don't think that would be a good idea at a dog park..Minus one star for people who leave big poops in the grass!Will be back in 2 weeks for the monthly dachshund meetup! :]
A small little dog park, so watch out for landmines. People let their dogs off leash all the time so being attacked by a dog can and will happen. Most of the area is drugged up because of this same problem. This is the respect dog owners has for open park areas. Much like Land's End owners who do not even bother picking up after their animals.
So many doggies! Big dogs. Little dogs. Handsome ones. Cute ones. Shaggy ones. So many different ones! Haha.. came here twice so far with my boyfriend & his doggie. The first time we came here- there were soo many dogs! There's a pond area that's pretty nice. It's a wonderful park to take your dog to :)
Cooper loves coming here. It's a nice, large area for the dogs to walk and run in. We usually make one round and then head home. It takes us about 30 minutes and Cooper is entertained the entire time. On nice days, I try to make it twice around to tire him out. He's usually leashed when we get to the duck pond side - but one day, he wasn't (per good behavior from previous visits) and it was the day he decided to dive into the water. Crazy pup. Good thing it was bath day. The dogs here are generally friendly. Many like to play with others, while some are totally in tune with their owners and do their own thing. The grassy area in the middle near the benches is pretty much muddy all the time because it's been dewy. But there's a ton of space on the picnic bench side that seems to drier. Great place to socialize your pet and an awesome environment to enjoy the outdoors.
Ah, microclimates!I am lucky enough to live in one of SF's sunnier 'hoods.  But, when the mercury creeps above 80 for two or more days in a row I sometimes need to flee.  No air conditioning and tons of direct light can heat my house to the point that I need to get out, like today.We left Potrero Hill at 81 degrees today and arrived a few miles, 15 minutes and 18 degrees later here at Pine Lake Park.  It was 63 degrees when we arrived.  Luckily, the sunshine was still abundant.This park is just west of Stern Grove off of Sloat Blvd.  The part closest to the parking lot is a dog park.  It was sheer torture for this dogless doglover to watch all the pooches frolicking.  Just past the leash free zone is the lake itself.  It is small, pretty and home to a bunch of ducks and a few fish as we saw.  It provided an excellent spot to escape the heat and toil away at the Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle.
Reading these reviews, you can kind of get a sense of what kind of park this is. No, it's not that great of a park if you want to come and barbecue or play touch football, but it is a GREAT dog park.This park always has friendly dogs (even this morning when I went there around 11AM and it was chilly!)... and there is a large area for dogs that is designated as off leash. However, most dog owners don't necessary follow the signs and walk their dog off leash past the boundaries. It's kind of common sense - if there is a child's camp there, perhaps you should leash up - but if not, it doesn't really matter.Most of the people that come to this park go in knowing that it is a dog park. Don't fool yourself, all the pickups and Subaru station wagons in the parking lot as well as the fifty or so dogs in the park kind of screams "THIS IS A DOG PARK." I don't really understand why people gave this park one star considering that they knew they were sending their kid to a camp right next to a dog park or that they are mad that dogs come up to them when they're trying to do their own thing. It's a freaking dog park - pretty much the only one in the Sunset that allows off leash walking... so there are going to be a lot of dogs there, duh! Come on people...
A small dog park tucked away near Lake Merced. People tend to pick up after their dogs here which is a major plus. No squishy surprises underfoot here!
It's really nice to live directly above this park. I've seen it change and thrive slowly for the past 17 years. I've been coming here ever since i was a tiny toddler. This park is HUGE! not as big as golden gate park, but its certainly a mile or two long from the very tip of it to the very end. It's great for dog walks, hiking, casual exercise, and even longboarding! I go longboardng with my bitch nearly everyday from the very tip of it to the very end of it. There are many paths to choose from-steps, dirt, paved roads, or off trails. This park is very friendly, and it's really beautiful considering it's out in the middle of the sunset. The park contains hundreds of dogs, friendly people, and lots of activities. During the summer there are concerts here, and even famous singers come here! I can hear the music from my living room window!
It's easy to miss this tiny neighborhood park but you're not really missing anything if you don't come here.  You should only come here if you have a dog.The entrance is by Wawona and 34th.  You go down a steep slope and will find yourself on a path that loops around a small lake, past the ducks.  Part of the loop is wide and paved and the other part is a narrow dirt path.  You'll see the houses above, some picnic benches, a wide grassy area and off the leash dogs running around.  You'll eventually find yourself in Stern Grove (which is nicer and quieter with more trees) if you keep going down the path.  Be prepared to have a dog jump on you since the park is extremely popular with dog walkers.  Not everyone picks up after their dogs either.  It's nice that they leave plastic bags by the entrance.  Free parking should be easy to find on Wawona.
Best and favorite dog park! I love the big, open grass fields. Friendly owners and my dogs have the best time every time! There's trails where you can walk around stern grove and pine lake. It's a really enjoyable walk with fresh air.
Two words: doggie heaven!Wyatt and I go here (or at least try to) to catch the Chihuahua meet up on the first Sunday of every month. I swear, one whiff of the eucalyptus trees, and Wyatt goes nuts! The beautiful and warm sun decided to shine down the city yesterday, which made our visit even more special.Wyatt was able to meet all his old friends and greet them by the traditional butt-smelling, which I guess is the dog's equivalent to the half handshake/half hug thing guys do. He was also able to mark every little square inch of the park, which baffles my mind. I think, "We've come all this way. Go shoot the shit with your friends, and I don't mean that literally!" Oh wells. Dogs will be dogs.This place has lots of open space and is far away from the parking lots or any busy streets, so off leashing is a must, which both Wyatt and I love! There are also dog water fountains around as well. But what I didn't find that I was in greatly in need of: BATHROOMS! Not even one port-a-potty. I even walked all the way down to the Stern Grove concert area to find bathrooms. Found them, but THEY WERE LOCKED. Man, I was getting so desperate. So after we were done, I drove down to Sloat Shopping Center to use the bathroom at Lucky. Ugh. That was an inconvenience. Anyways, pretty good park for dogs. Owners: be sure to use the bathroom before you go!
Pine Lake Dog Park to be exact. My puppy loves it, so I automatically like it too. It's the perfect place for Dachshund meetups, which take place here monthly, because it's closed in...don't need to worry about Duke running out into the road. But, there are no bathrooms and it's very shady, so bringing a jacket is wise. On the flipside, it's pretty and a great place for dog lovers!
Great park close to home, best day to go is the second saturday of every month! That's when all the corgis unite! awesome. grass..dirt...dogs everywhere. when it's sunny its even better. but i think sundays there are concerts? so no go on sundays
A great place to bring your dog, as most of the park is a leash-free dog zone. Located on the western half of the Stern Grove Park, this park was a nice place for a BBQ over the weekend. A large, concrete picnic area with BBQ pits, at the far west end, could support up to about 50 and a smaller, nearby set of 3 picnic tables and a modest BBQ held our crew of 20 comfortably. The restroom building was convenient, clean, and well-stocked, if rather graffiti'd. For access, turn north on Vale Street from Stoat. When it appears to dead-end, proceed down the unobtrusive driveway that winds downhill to a fairly sizable parking lot.
please keep dogs on leash when not in off-leash area so that us other SF tax payers w/o dogs and human children can enjoy the park w/in the ON-leash dog areas!!!en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Li…
I'm going to start by telling you what Pine Lake Park is NOT.  It is no longer going to be a parking lot for the Stern Grove Summer Concerts.  This was just announced last week (June '07), as an agreement between the concert organization and the neighbors of Stern Grove park.  While some will be upset with the inconvenience of not being able to park down by the grove, the people who enjoy this park year-round will appreciate that the lawn not be destroyed by cars driving over it every weekend.  I have been a volunteer at the concert series for 5 years now, and I support the organization's efforts to encourage people to take public transportation to the events.What is IS - a beautiful meadow in a eucalyptus grove, perfect for going for a walk with your dog, a friend, or by yourself.The renovation going on there is extensive.  It has been landscaped, with new asphalt paths and a real dog run, as well as all new grass.  Hopefully they will also be redoing the Pine Lake camp, which is used a lot for kids' birthday parties and barbeques.  Pine Lake, while beautiful to look at, is not clean.  So don't let your dog swim there unless you want a stinky dog.I go for walks at Pine Lake Park often, as it is flat and not as windy as Fort Funston.  I am pleased that it will no longer be filled with holes and weeds (and foxtails!), and will be treated the way it deserves - with respect for the nature preserve that it is.
All things being equal, Pine Lake Park in Stern Grove is my favorite dog park in San Francisco.  It's like an oasis in the middle of the city and, with it being naturally bowl-shaped, it, more or less, is a secure location away from traffic.  Very peaceful and lovely.  Don't get me wrong, I absolutely adore places like Fort Funston, Crissy Field, and McLaren Park, but they are more once-a-week or once-every-two-weeks type of places because of the time involved driving to/from, and we also love Alamo Square, Duboce Park, and the similar astoundingly wonderful off-leash areas around town that are hard to find in most other cities.  But for the relatively central location, easy in/out, great parking, terrific people/dogs, and overall excellent daily experience with little fuss, Pine Lake Park is hard to beat.
The park itself is beautiful - It's a huge, flat, grassy area surrounded by eucalyptus trees.  There is a small parking lot and it seems like a new overhang/seating area, trash bins and water faucets were put in.  I noticed that there was a lot of poop scattered about though.  Maybe some poop bag dispensers would help?  There were some plastic grocery bags tied to the fence at the entrance, but if you don't take a couple when you first walk in, you'll have to run back to it then try and find the poop that your furry friend dropped it ;)  I always carry bags with me, either in my pocket or on the leash itself because the pooping is always unpredictable with our dogs.  You just never know....!
Oh, Parkside...I'm getting the feeling that the locals here don't Yelp that much.  But if you insist, I'll take the first for this.If you've ever wondered what the "park" in Parkside referred to, this is it.  No, it's not GGP!  That would've been some sketchy advertising indeed.Pine Lake Park occupies the western end of the same valley that holds Sigmund Stern Grove, and in fact there's no clear boundary between the two, but they have different names, which means I can Yelp both of them.Actually the Pine Lake end of the valley is broader and more open, with a grassy field running along the length, but enough trees on the slopes to block out the city.  In fact, running through here I had a hard time believing I was even in San Francisco, and in the relatively barren Parkside district no less.  At the far end is Laguna Puerca AKA Pine Lake, a nice enough pond but nothing too special.  If you exit the park to the west you'll find yourself at Wawona and 34th.  Try walking back along Wawona, easily the prettiest street in Parkside (though admittedly, that's not saying a whole lot).There's some sort of major renovation project going on, so almost all of the grass is off-limits.  Thus dog-walkers might want to hold off on coming here, but it's still prime jogging territory.
One of my favorite places to take my little Doxie's for a meet up with their brotherhood.  meetup.com/SFDachshund Amazing location.
We ADORE this dog park. It is so nice and provides such service to the neighborhood. It is adjacent to Stern Grove and basically merges with it. There is everything here: huge flat grassy fields to run and play and sniff, surrounding woodsy trails to walk up and down the surrounding hills, complete with immense eucalyptus and squirrels and occasional wildlife (careful of the coyotes at dusk), and a natural lake with ducks that quack at the dogs! Also a paved circular driveway that runs around the entire perimeter when you want to take a nice clean walk sans muddy paws. The off leash area combined with these beautiful natural features and smells makes this place an ideal doggy park. Sometimes there is a bit of smeared poop but generally it seems surprisingly clean given how many dogs come here morning and evening. Not mention it is very peaceful, slightly cool, and gives the owner a feeling of "being in the woods for an hour." This is our go-to daily dog park of choice. Of note, this park is truly just for the dog: there are no nearby cafes or shops or readily available bathroom facilities for humans. This is just nature, purely woods and ducky lake and dogs.
This is our new favorite place to take the dogs.They have a huge offleash area and there are always plenty of dogs around to play with. There is plenty of (real) grass too :) Also there are three dog and human water fountains in the park.Once you leave the off leash area you can walk around the lake which is a nice walk - look out for the turtles in the lake and there is also an off leash dog trail which takes you to the other off leash area (which isnt that nice - basically a patch of grass near a road)The walk around the main park is mostly paved so holds up well in the rain, around the lake it is mud trails.The parking lot is a decent size and Ive not had any problems parking there, it can get busy at weekends. Also I imagine when the festivals start parking will be a nightmare.One downside I have noticed is a lot of people dont pick up their dogs poop, its normally the people who walk off ahead of their dog whilst talking on their cell phone, so are oblivious to whatever their dogs are doing, or the people who come with large groups of dogs who are unable to keep an eye on them all or are too busy chatting to notice what the dogs are doing.Also during the summer there is a summer camp on which means they are very strict about you having your dogs on leash in the on leash area.There is also a few picnic benches here and some rest rooms, although not sure if the rest rooms are always open as Ive never used them.
This place is one of my fave places to bring my dogs on nice warm days. There are a lot of friendly people and a numerous variety of dogs. Also a good place to hike around by yourself or with some friends. Overall experience here has been great so far, looking forward to more sunny days!
Great off-leash area.  Large and flat but built into a grove of eucalyptus trees so you're dog can't escape.  One (short) side of the park opens into the parking lot, but the lot is pretty small and it would be tough for a dog to run out into real traffic that way.  The grass in the field isn't great (bring a blanket to sit on), but there are plenty of benches and a trail around the perimeter to walk on.  The bathrooms are on the far side of the off-leash area, towards the pond.  They were open when we went, as they should be on a Saturday afternoon in April!
I love this fantastic space in the outer Sunset where the puppy is able to frolic.  It's a huuuuge space bordered by gently sloping hillsides and trees.There are several conveniently-placed benches, a great trail that leads around the lake, a fantastic bust of a rabbit-man holding a cellphone to one ear, tons of picnic tables, BBQs, a large firepit, and space space offleash space for your 4-legged friend.One drawback - lack of restrooms that exist but appear to never be open (at least during the times I've been there)...
A fabulous place to take your dog! No matter what day or time you go here there is ALWAYS many dogs and people out!   This large grassy area designated as a dog park is perfect place to unleash even those dogs who want their independence and can dash off easily...they are safe here since this is a canyon type area far from the street and cars... Let them run wild and play!   Although as much as I try, my dog prefers not to leave my side too long!
We love Pine Lake and the dog park. We walk around the lake from time to time, Its very peaceful, I love to see the birds and sometimes you can see the fish in the lake. What happened to the rabbit statue at Pine Lake. Was it stolen?
i often cycle here and truly appreciate the greenery. I am glad that it won't be used as a parking lot for the summer concerts at Stern Grove any longer. a park should be a park NOT a parking lot.
Four slobbery and tail-wagging stars for a wonderful place to walk dogs.  Show up between 5:30 and 6:30 any weekday (or slightly earlier on the weekend) with your canine companion. You'll have a blast strolling in the fog while your loyal companion can sniff more butts than you can shake a stick at.
Probably my favorite dog park in the city.  Beautifully redone, though something seems amiss with the always soggy lawn (I know the lake used to extend to where the lawns are now).  Great when there's alot of dogs there, it's not so big you might lose your pet, and there's parking, too.
Pine Lake Park is AWESOME!  It's close to the house and it's gigantic!  Parking is limited but it never seems to fill up to maximum capacity...there's always a nook you can park in.  This park is great because there's always dogs here so you can bring your friend here to socialize and you can let him off leash too since there's virtually no cars around other than the small parking lot.  Lots of space for your pet to frolic and run.  There's even a sand/dirt pit.  Bathrooms are a bit far though and I haven't had the need to go when I was here.  There is a downside tho...the place does get wet and muddy after it rains and certain spots stays like that for a while...if mud that has been mixed with immesurable amounts of dog poo/pee doesn't bother you at all, then more power to ya!  Sheesh, I still go even though it's wet...I don't care...just roll up the pants and carry along some paper towels.  Just remember to bring your baggie when you come so no poo is left behind!!!!  BE RESPONSIBLE WITH YOUR POO....BAG IT!!!  On a side note, if you have a daschund, the daschund group has meets every month.  just look here meetup.com/SFDachshund    there's also a small dog group that meets at 4pm on tuesdays to walk around the park.  good if you wanna take your small friend to socialize with a bunch of small dogs.
WOW.  I stumbled upon Pine Lake Park today with my hubs and two doggies.  I grew up in Parkside and remember the entrance on 34th Ave as a sketchy way to shortcut my walk to high school.  This morning, while walking our dogs and telling my hubs about this shady drug-dealing haven, we decided to venture in.  To my utter shock, the park was AMAZING!  Happy off-leash dogs, walking on the paved trails, fetching balls in the enormous meadow and romping through the woods.  Big dogs, little dogs, hairy dogs and hairless dogs, all playing together happily.  This place made the dog park we frequent in San Mateo look like crap.  We walked all the way from the 34th Ave entrance, through the park to the parking lot at the other end, which I think divides Pine Lake Park from Stern Grove.  This place is doggie heaven and I'm so pleased that it's in my old 'hood!  Parkside isn't known for much and gets overlooked as far as neighborhoods go, so this is definitely a neighborhood gem.
