I came here at night on a Monday night... I walked from the stinking rose! First of all... Getting here is pretty crazy lol! I have not walked such a steep hill where the hill itself with sidewalk turns into sort of stairs! That was an adventure and I was cool with it because I had such a filling dinner. The area is full of restaurants and it looks like there is so much to do here. Anyway, the view at night is so pretty looking at the city lights... Kind of romantic. Well it pretty much is romantic. At night. I have not been here during the day time but I recommend night time visit. :) it's very pretty
I went here with my two kids on our way to Coit Tower. It's pretty small for a park, but all of the wooded paths and stairwells are a pleasant way to get to the tower and it DOES have breathtaking views of the city and the bay.WARNING: THERE IS ONE BATHROOM FOR THE ENTIRE PARK. You've been warned.The park space was built in 1876 to commemorate the country's centennial anniversary.
A commanding view of the San Francisco Bay.So there are hundreds of reviews on Coit Tower, Filbert  and Greenwich Steps, but not of Pioneer Park, the almost 5 acre (that's 4.89 to be exact) park at the top of Telegraph Hill and the base of the Coit Tower.   The park is bordered by Filbert Street on its western & southern borders and very steep cliffs on its north and eastern edges.  Prior to its establishment in 1876 for the U.S. Centennial, the hill was the site of the Marine Telegraph Station, the first West Coast telegraph.  In 1924, Lillie Hitchcock Coit, a well-known volunteer firefighter, bequeathed $118,000 to San Francisco and Coit Tower was completed in 1933 to beautify the skyline.  In 2000, the City made various improvements to the park, including a semi circular lawn area south of the tower, light bollards to light a new winding walkway, several stone-lined stairways,with supporters' names, and a few other basic amenities. And there's ongoing controversy about trimming the tall eucalyptus surrounding the base of the parking lot. To view or not to view?Still, it's worth the climb from several entrances:  From the west side:Filbert Street:  by foot/vehicle*Greenwich Street:  by foot-stairs & pathLombard Street:  by foot/vehicle*From the east side:Filbert or Greenwich stairs:  by foot-the hardest with some 300+ steps though the foliage is incredibly lush)Wear comfortable walking shoes and enjoy the view!*By foot is recommended as there are very few parking spots at the tower, especially during summer/fall months.  Plus, it's a good short cardio workout for those who need a quick pick me up.
It's so much fun winding yourself through all the footpaths and stairways nearby Coit Tower. Such wonderful views of the Bay and San Francisco. If you're lucky, you'll catch a glimpse of a parrot.
