You may know it as the little park in between Chinatown and the Financial District.  You may have heard it called the "Heart of Chinatown".  You may even think of it as the park on top of the Portsmouth Square Parking Garage where all the little old ladies do Tai Chi in the morning and where you'll see dancers at night.    Heck, maybe you just think of it as one of the most used public restrooms in The City (not like the Tenderloin, there are actual facilities).  Regardless of how you think about Portsmouth Square, it is a spot with a lot of history.  This was actually the location of one of the first public squares (maybe the first) in San Francisco back in the day.  Actually, the pre-SF day, when it was part of Mexico and was seized by the crew of the USS Portsmouth (led by Captain Montgomery - you might have seen his street, or his "New" street).  Kind of cool, huh?  Another fun thing to think about is why this would have been the location of one of the first public squares - because this used to be waterfront property.  Why is North Beach called North Beach, because The Bay used to come all the way past the present location of the Transamerica Building.  It is on the Barbary Coast Trail if you are making that walk - which I would highly recommend.Given the history, I have to go 5-star.  But, I will also add that on a nice day it's kind of a cool place too.  Much like St. Mary's Square, it is framed in by the downtown buildings and Chinatown.  They have a nice playground area and a fair amount of space.  They also have a number of flowering trees with pink flowers in the Spring.  There are also a number of nice peaces of history and art here like:  California Historical Landmarks for the first raising of the American flag on the square in 1846 and the 1848 opening of the first public school in California.  There is also a beautiful statue of The Goddess of Democracy.  And yes, it is an interesting place to chill.  Just be aware, some chill longer here than others in this spot.
Where do locals sit with to-go dim sum in Chinatown? Wherever they go, I doubt they go to Portsmouth Square.About the space itself, it roughly takes up a small square block. There's a small building where community members congregate, a large bathroom, and playground. Plenty of seating exists - both on the benches and ledges - and the old Chinese dude doing pull ups and various gymnastic moves on the monkey bar is impressive; however, it's not the best place to eat dim sum or anything for that matter. Why?There's a strong stench of urine and various drops of fecal matter from folks on benches and in the playground area. Yes, I know that folks need somewhere to go, but there's a bathroom close by. With all these things being said, it isn't the most sanitary park/ square.Feel free to check it our yourself, but I'm in no rush to return.
We came to the Square as it was the meeting spot for our City Guide tour.  It's nice there's some green space in a busy Chinatown.  There are many seniors who come here to chat with friends, gamble by playing cards, and enjoy a space to sit and enjoy the outdoors.  There's a playground and washrooms here too.  We saw people filming that day so that's cool too.There's a mix of people hanging out and walking through including seniors, families, tourists and a few homeless.
I went to Portsmouth Square to eat my TO-GO Dim sum with friends. The first time I came here, the old chinese grandparents gambling put me in awe because I remember my grandpa used to gamble with his friends back where I live. However, now it just seems like there's a lot of crazy people at this center. I heard a little 5 year old boy cussing at another little boy while their parents weren't watching. Some guy spit a giant ass nougie near my feet as he was walking. It's a pretty small park but so much is going on! It's nice to stop and observe what is going on around you. This place is the perfect place to do that.
This is the spot for me whenever I come to Chinatown.I'm good with paying a bit more just to avoid driving around for free parking. Sure this pLace is very outdated and the eLevators seem Like they're gonna faLL apart- but it serves it's purpose. Come in, grab a ticket, and park.Don't forget to bring the ticket with you in case you are abLe to get vaLidation.FYI- once you're ready to grab your car and Leave Chinatown, don't forget to head to the 2nd fLoor and pay for your parking tab. They give you two options of payment: either by card through a machine or manuaLLy paying a teLLer @ the window.
Witnessed a bum pull his pants down and stick his bare ass on the water fountain at night to either 1. Wash his butt 2. Poop or 3. Both.Stay away for the love of all things holy.
I went on a day with valet parking only. The problem with this is that we had to rush to figure out what to take out of the car so the driver can drive the car into a designated parking area but there were a few issues and we forgot some stuff in the car and it was a bit of a hassle to ask again. I use don't expect valet parking cause they usually aren't a valet parking type of garage. They charge $3 every hour (on the weekdays) . I'm not sure if prices are different during the weekend. Also, they have a new system where you need to slide the valet card in order to use their restroom. It seems like this place for an upgrade since I was a kid.. Haha..
Oh yes my review of this place is long overdue as well. I am not an SF resident but I do come here during my work break. It is pretty interesting to see Chinese people of all types come here and play card games. One thing that got to me was the Chinsse band that shows up here, I try my luck at Chinese opera with these guys. This place has been around since the 50s or something and it has been a major point for the people that live in Chinatown to play, rest and just take a break. Back to my work place example, when I have a break also take the 8x bus here to walk around and kill some time. There is a parking garage here which is also nice because once you leave your car with these guys you are good to go. If you are lucky, there will also be some special events here. You sure can't get this in DallasDrawbacks: it can get really noisy here. The park can also be a bit polluted due to the low volume of park staff to clean the place. Even worse it can smell here.
Id not been here in a long time. Recently a friend organized an event in Chinatown so we all met up here. Mmmm urine soaked stairwells, cigarette smoke filling the air. Hot gambling action of cards and Chinese chess. A weird way to spend a morning. Old men kicking shuttlecocks, tourists abound, almost chaos. Alas it is an example of a Living Chinatown, and it's uniquely SF
Portsmouth Square is a popular place here in downtown San Francisco, specifically near Chinatown.During the day, you'll see many Asian's at the park and little kids running around playing at the playgrounds here. There is 2 playgrounds here one on top, and one on the bottom. You'll see various different groups of older elderly men playing chess, and various other games.To my surprise, there were actually 2 park employees walking around the park cleaning it up, picking up trash and making it look clean. I was actually surprised that I saw not only 1 employee cleaning the park, but 2 people, wow what a surprise!!There are both men and women restrooms here at the park, which are open 7 AM - 10 PM daily. This is a nice little park to chill or hangout, if you are Asian...if not you might feel a little out of place. :)
Portsmouth Square is considered the heart of Chinatown, a one block park that is not only an open air community center for the Chinese community, but also a place of historical significance. It is an official California Historical Landmark for three reasons: 1) First raising of the American flag on what was called Yerba Buena (later changed to San Francisco) near the Mexican Custom House, and placed there by Captain Montgomery (who Montgomery Street is named after) of the U.S.S. Portsmouth in 1846. 2) The eastern Terminus for the Clay Street Hill Railroad, where the first street cars in the world operated by cable operated from1873 to 19423) Site of the first public school in California, erected in 1847 and opened in 1848 for school education,  meetings and religious gatheringsAll of these commemorations have plaques in the park, as well as a monument to Robert Louis Stevenson, and the Goddess of Democracy statue. There is a tot lot playground in the park too. Underneath is a 4 story parking lot that is the only large garage in the Chinatown area. The scene is usually full of morning Tai Chi and evening group dance excersize by the local Chinese. During the day, the space is dominated by groups of elder Chinese men and women playing Xiang Qi chess or cards, sitting on boxes, milk crates and other make shift tables and chairs. This is a way for the elder Chinese community to meet with friends regularly while getting out of their cramped Chinatown quarters and getting some fresh air, even if many of the men are smoking. Kids play on the monkey bars as their parents or Pa Pa and Gun Gun watch.However, besides the loud community of mostly country Chinese speaking Cantonese Sei Yup or Toy San, there is always a contingent of the homeless. Most are Caucasian with make shift cardboard and bedding under the covered area. The public bathrooms here takes someone with a desperate need to use them in spite of the less than clean conditions. And there is still a line often for the ladies. You are better off going to a restaurant and buying some food first. On the weekends there is usually a contingent of the Falong group meditating looking for converts, while a Chinese instrumental band playing music and often Chinese singers amplified to rise above the players cacophony of incessant chatter. Parking below is $3 per hour and you must pay on the 2nd floor before leaving. But to many born and raised Chinese in San Francisco, this is the heart of Chinatown, the center where the elders gather to commune, regardless of the noise, filth and riff raff. It is one of the few parks in Chinatown, and the heart of a community ghetto that evolved so an immigrant group could take care of their own in the face of legalized discrimination through the decades. Sadly, despite the many historical events at this site, none commemorate the Chinese community it serves.
Avoid the sand pit, fecal matter in multiple spots. I noticed the smell in several corners of the sand pit. The flies gave away their positions. Disgusting. The local kids play in the upstairs playground, which is cleaner.
Portsmouth Square is a one-block park in Chinatown. Depending on your point of view, one could call this place Chinatown's Living Room (and SRO respite) or a Homeless magnet. When my Son and I were here recently around midday, there was a nice Food Truck selection and several folks practicing their Tai Chi moves. I've also been here as the starting point for a Chinatown Alleyways Walking Tour and where the elevator from the Portsmouth Square Parking Garage lets out. If all this Community "Action" is too much for you, a short visit to the nearby Old St. Mary's Cathedral is good for the soul. Portsmouth Square is located on the site of the first public square established in the early 19th century in the Spanish/Mexican community of Yerba Buena, whose name was changed to San Francisco in 1847. During the Mexican-American War, when the Americans were bent on acquiring Alta California, Captain John Berrien Montgomery of the USS Portsmouth was ordered to seize Yerba Buena. On July 9, 1846, the first American flag was raised near the Mexican adobe custom house in the plaza that would eventually be named Portsmouth Square in honor of the ship.
Where all the old Asian folks be hanging out at. Whether they're bird watching, practicing tai chi or playing chess, this is the place to be for those OG's. I used to come to the park a lot as a kid, but now as I've grown older and have a better understand about the importance of sanitation, I wouldn't even dare to walk to and play in that park. Though walking by it always brings back wonderful memories of my childhood days when times were much more simpler. Theres a mens and womens restrooms here, but I would SERIOUSLY SERIOUSLY discourage you from using them. They are dirty as POO and from what I remember, they never have paper towels or soap. Hold it in, or walk all the way to Union Square or somewhere else to do your business. Hell, you can even try going across the street to the Hilton and act like you a guest and use the lobby restroom.
So we are covering China this month with our kids.  With the weather being so nice this weekend I thought why not take the kids to China Town.  Since I was a little boy my family has been parking underneath at the garage and then coming up the elevator to the square.I found the square a slight bit dirty but what else do you expect from a public park in San Francisco.  What is was full of was plenty of culture.  From political views, to song and dance to card games from the locals.  It was a good place to absorb a lot from China Town.
A park filled with the inhabitants of Chinatown.  People can be seen playing tiles, gambling or just enjoying the park.  Most speak Cantonese. It's a beautiful park which feels more like China than San Francisco.
Do  not use the diseased bathrooms here. The best time to visit this little park is just before sunrise when all the Chinese people are doing there morning exercises. Any time after 7AM and it starts to get really crowded with old smoking Chinese men huddled and playing Xiangqi or Chinese chess. There is a children's play area but it's not for children, its for Xiangqi.Refer to Joshua K.'s review on 1/31/2011. Its all true and more.
Quite the experience so I would recommend and once visited each to their own. This is San Francisco Chinatown every day life people and to further that I witnessed a grocery store employee bring and donate a large box of fruits and veggies which he simply placed on the floor after which a hoard of mostly elder folks came over to scrumage and forage what they could. Quite a site and was humbling to experience and see how the other half live.
There were a lot of old Chinese men smoking cigarettes and playing checkers. There was beautiful music playing. I watched the Falun Gong followers practicing their graceful meditations and movements that completely removed themselves from the urban chaos. Portsmouth Square is a great place to stop and rest your feet and mind.
I'm gonna roll the dice on this review...An odd mixure of local Asians, homeless, gasping tourists, and passers-by awaits you at Portsmouth Square. You can watch local Asians gambling, the homeless enjoying a suntan on the benches, cute Asian kids playing on the schoolground gym-apparatus' with their grandmas yelling at them to not fall, and scores and scores of PIGEONS hovering or cooing on the ground, trees, benches (essentially everywhere). In terms of potential environmental biohazards: there are billows of cigarette smoke, and the remnants of spitting. I would watch where you step.The underground parking lot is especially adventurous with line-cutting at the point of Kearny and Clay.  Always entertaining to watch one in action. The parking lot has a valet option which I find very helpful in this denizen of parking.There is a walkway that leads to a major hotel, but it appears that the gates are always locked. I remember seeing scores of skateboarders utilizing the curvaceous path leading to the hotel gates. Perhaps that is the reason for said closures?Enjoy :D
When I got off the steamer as a stowaway from Shanghai...I immediately came to Portsmouth Square with my flower drum..."A hundred million miracles,A hundred million miracles are happ'ning ev'ry day,And those who say they don't agreeAre those who do not hear or see.A hundred million miracles,A hundred million miracles are happ'ning ev'ry day"youtube.com/watch?v=vvLU…Yes, wasn't I adorable with my silk top and black capri pants? So Portsmouth Square hasn't changed all that much since "Flower Drum Song" came out nearly fifty years ago. I think the same senior citizens park themselves on the same benches...gambling, gabbing and eating chow fun. You can catch the Chinatown Night Market Fair on Saturday evenings from mid-summer to late fall, but it can be a complete zoo with low-grade trinkets and DVDs.I tend to forget it's here - it's just one square block elevated from eye-level view from Kearny - but I walked through it this past week to get to the dreaded Sam Wo's, Conan O'Brien's favorite eatery in SF....not! Still says Chinatown like no other place in the 'hood. By the way, that's not me in the video. That's Miyoshi Umeki, a sis-tuh who played Chinese for the movie (sadly, she just died last year). Even though she's pert and innocent, she actually sang American jazz standards in a voice an octave lower than what you hear in the clip. I guess we all do our part to keep the ethnic stereotypes alive.
Bathrooms = stinky & less than decent.Lots of old people here. On some days they have people singing (mainly old people singing for old people) Then they'll have lil festivals here occassionally throughout the year. The playground is pretty fun for kids, but always so crowded. Than of course there are weird creepy people sometimes there. Old geezers playing cards/gambling.
I have read most of the reviews regarding this location and agree with them.Diseased Pigeons all over the place, some homeless people, tons of elderly playing games and  smoking In regards to their bathrooms, I would rather go down an alley and pee somewhere than use the public restrooms.Actually check out Joshua K's review from 1/31/2011, he sums it up the best.
If you want to see the following, please try this park:[1]SF's entire Pigeon (birds) population who loooooove to poop on everything/one[2]Gambling by people who have been doing it since Prohibition[3]Homeless people of both genders trying on clothing, and trying off clothing[4]Lines for the restrooms as long as Disneyland's after a parade[5]No shelter from the rain, at allIf you don't want to see the following, please go elsewhere:[1]Children interacting with wildlife[2]Generations of Chinese-Americans interacting with each other[3]Multi-level playground with sand, water, wood, and plastic[4]Magnificent views of the city- You're right in it, like boom, it's at the bottom of all the big buildings[5]All kinds of people enjoying one of America's oldest city parks, listening to the sounds of laughter from folks of all ages[6]Homeless people who are actually nice and will let you cut in front of them for the restroom[7]Birds.I put the good and the bad in there, but made it all part of the experience.  You have to go there, maybe bring an umbrella, and some hand sanitizer.
Physical space is made meaningful by people. Nowhere is this more evident than at Portsmouth Square- the birth of San Francisco, the Chinese/Chinatown "living room".Here are several notable reasons why tourist borrow our dear grandparents to take their photographs at this spot.1. Chinese Chess Magnets - Here, the predominantly male crowd that play Chinese chess take their game rather seriously. Here, you will find representative from all parts of China notably from villages in the Guangdong Province. Many variants of Cantonese spoken and lately they have taken up card playing as much (and if not more) than playing chess. Come here if you dare a challenge.2. Card Playing- Both men and women do it. The women (grandmas) are very cute about it. I've seen them on multiple occasions playing for pennies and lunch boxes. They are rather pragmatic and are often situated near the bathroom. They even pose for tourists. Maybe grandma should start charging because they are becoming tourist icons. 3. Young Children/Playground/Grandparents- Grandparents and parents alike their their children to play here. Back in the day, it looked different, but somewhere in the 1990s they revamped this playground. I liked both the new and old and had the opportunity to swing along the old one.4. Recreation Center- When are they going to open this back up? I hope soon! We need more community center/space in general in Chinatown.5. Community Fairs/Former Night Market- Granted the night market has been halted, there are still a variety of community fairs and gatherings that take place at the square. Local agencies set up booths and recently there was an art exhibit. It's a great location for community gathering. Throw in a few freebies and you got the attention of grandma and grandpa and everyone else in between.6. Pet Friendly (okay maybe some monitoring needed)- Now, I love pets, but someone should inform folks that take this pet friendly policy to the edge. Folks, please pick up after dear puppy.Overall, I love this public space. Sure, it can be a bit dirty (think pigeons, smell from the bathroom, and popularity of this site), but it is an excellent usage of public space. The community gives this park character- often lost amidst metropolises. For the Asian American history enthusiasts and those that can speak Chinese, when you skip your classes, come here and talk to some of the folks. They are often eager to talk to "younger" folks and want to learn about us as much as we wonder what goes on in their minds.
Elderly Chinese people playing mysterious board games, whitebread tourists on Chinatown walking tours, and waddling pigeons galore make this the best spot to spend a lunch break sitting back and enjoying a tasty Vietnamese sandwich from the nearby Latte Express (yelp.com/biz/latte-expre…). Those are some of my best lunches :-)If you come on a Saturday, you can't get a sandwich from Latte Express (boo!), but you can usually hear some live music (often accompanied with singing in Chinese). A budget alternative to a trip back East ... err-uh ... the other East.
Old senior women playing cards on the right.  Old senior men playing cards on the left. Everywhere you look, they are all playing cards.  Restrooms are bad and without toilet paper.
I have a soft spot in my heart for this place, as it was where I hung out from time-to-time during my youth.  However, there are pros and cons about this place that I can't ignore.Pros:1) Nice gathering of elderly folks, children, and tourists;2) Location is OK, as it's in the heart of Chinatown;3) Old people playing cards and seemingly just enjoying a nice day out when it doesn't rain.Cons:1) Can be unsanitary in certain areas;2) Homeless people can get dressed or undressed in public, so that's a sight I prefer not to see;3) Pigeons might congregate if enough scraps are there, leading to eventual poop bombs at random.It's no longer the Portsmouth Square of my youth :(
I'm vacillating between four and five stars here.Have you ever caused a crowd to gather?  No, I don't mean Has a crowd ever gathered to look at you? I mean have you ever intentionally caused other people to stand around and look at something?  If you'd like to, here's a way.1.  Recruit a friend.2.  Go with your friend to the foot of a tall building, preferably in an urban area with a great deal of foot traffic.  Ideally, a lot of this foot traffic will comprise dopey tourists.3.  Look up at the building and point.  Tell your friend to look up as well.  He or she should point, and you should both gesticulate until you notice that the dopey tourists are beginning to look up as well.4.  Every once in a while, say something loudly to your friend that may or may not have to do with what you're supposedly looking at.  Examples include, "I think he might jump," "Did you see that?" and "This is really weird."5.  Once a large enough crowd has gathered, sulk away with your friend to a nearby location and see how long people continue to look up at the building.  If the crowd sticks around for more than five minutes, walk back and ask a few people what's going on.Oh, right, Portsmouth Square.  Sometimes I think that the Chinese men playing their games are just trying to make a scene.  I don't understand the game they're playing, and it may be interesting and high stakes, but honestly, is it really interesting enough that literally forty-five people will gather around?I love middle names that begin with U and funny T-shirts.  Both of these can be had in or near Portsmouth Square.  I've settled on four stars because I've seen far too many clearly not homeless, sober men pee in public here.
This is the most centralized parking structure for Chinatown and parts of downtown. It opens late for those late night parties and is a block away from most of the good restaurants in the area. The place has enough foot traffic above and below to keep things fairly safe. Even has a public restroom, if someone really really needs to go.
I love China Town and this is a great place to hang out while in China Town!
If you're walking through Chinatown, on your way to North Beach or City Lights Bookstore, don't forget to make a detour at Portsmouth Square, at Kearny between Clay and Washington. You can eat your bao here and people watch :)
The square has a  very eclectic, relaxing and timeless feel to it. There are usually small groups of people gathered together playing cards, gamblling or just socializing. Kids playing in the nearby playground. On our last visit this weekend we were met by a group of musicians playing chinese musical instruments. Overall a great place to see and if you're like me it is usually the first thing I see after exiting the elevator from the parking garage below and the last place I see as I finish my visit to chinatown...
I have many memories with this park. I use to come here all the time when I was a kid. Nowadays, lots of grandmas and grandpas come here to socialize and play cards including my grandpa:)
Ate lunch here yesterday with some friends, and it was alright. It's prettier inside than I thought it would be (especially surrounded by a zillion buildings. Lots of pigeons though!! Aggressive birds that know when you have food.
I was actually looking for the Portsmouth Square Garage and considered the Square and the garage to be synonymous (since the history of the garage and the square went hand in hand; every time the garage here is mentioned, I think of the park as well).  Then when I saw my Yelpers have differentiated the Square from the Garage, I thought: "okay" I can see that.  Actually, the four stars is for what the Square represents and the nostalgia it brings back for me.  It actually isn't that much or great of a park/square but this is where the "public forum" where a lot of people from Chinatown met.  The overpass bridge over Kearny still connects the Square in Chinatown to the hotel in the "FiDi" after all these years.   This was/still is where pigeon poop, Chinese checkers/chess, gambling, more pigeon poop, tai chi, and children in Chinatown play in the playgrounds.  :0) Portsmouth Square has been renovated through the years but I remember my dad use to take my sisters and I to the sandbox swings in the north-eastern corner (no longer there) of the square when we were kids.  This to me is definitely one of the institutions of San Francisco's Chinatown, like Grant Ave that defines Chinatown.
Portsmouth Square is like Chinatown's own mini Union Square. Many a day I ventured through this park because I use the parking structure below it and there were the old Chinese guys playing cards. Ahh, I wish I was able to play cards and bet all day long. They have families running around and music at times. It's a good place to rest your feet after walking all over Chinatown or just sit and people watch after you ate all that awesome Chinese food.
I grew up playing on the bridge to the hotel, in the rickety old wooden play structure (before it was renovated many years ago) that you were always going to get splinters from, crawling in the cement tunnels that if you were lucky the bums would have woken up and left before you stumbled over them. My mom worked at a sewing shop just across the way, so when I wasn't sweeping up bits of fabric and thread (child labor, gasp!) I was allowed out here for a bit of time. Ah, the days of being a low income family with too many kids.Besides the remodeling of the play ground equipment not much has changed. This is still the community "living room" where everyone gathers to people watch, gossip, watch the illegal gambling, the go players, do tai chi (early in the a.m.) and so on. Sometimes there's a night market going on, those are seasonal. But they're nothing like the night markets of Taiwan and China. This is more like a flea market taking place at night. And there aren't any good food booths. Some nonsense about health codes. Pshaw. It has entirely too much pigeon poop for my taste but that was always the case. This doesn't sound like much of a 4 star review, does it? I suppose the extra star is really for the childhood memories.
Urban playground. Pretty cool when your kids not injuring themselves from running into the poles of the monkey bars. Yes, they have that much fun and forget to really look where they are going. Not the parks fault!Kids were playing Pokemon cards, eating delicious looking pastries, and eyeing my salted plums. People of all ages enjoying the weather were very friendly. The "Chinatown Day" ended here , wrapping up a fun and informative walking field trip, planned to help expand my son's horizons and keep him on his new school schedule. Okay so technically I ate food at this park that was purchased throughout the area, but hey gotta share it all - weirdly enough, everythign we got was $1, so we had 2 bags of food for $5!!!! how is this possible? we had shrimp chips (big ole bag - flavor was "eh" to "hmmm"), fantastic STEAMED pork buns, and salted plums (ended up giving to the kids next to us - too intense for us, not sure if we liked them or not!) OH and we even scored a big 'ole stack of cool Yu-gi-Oh cards during the course of the day, for $1.50!
A hub of activity...Love to watch the men gamble...Got good advice on which roast duck restos are the best in SF from a benchmate....I was told the square is known as Chinatown's livingroom...In the past the people who were crammed into SRO housing would escape to the square and hangout to get away from their cramped living quarters..
Dirty and they have a wannabe night market once in a while.
I like watching the old people sit around, chat and gamble. I like watching the little kids play in the playground. And this place just gives me a good vibe overall. I'd appreciate if the bathrooms were cleaner though. And if there weren't so many pervs standing near the parking lot area.
Portsmouth Square in SF Chinatown is what city parks are supposed to be like.  A city park should be a gathering place for town folk.   You want to see the people of Chinatown? Walk thru Portsmouth Square.
I like Portsmouth Square . There's an upper level and a lower level . Night street fairs use to take place here . There's game booths during Chinese New Years in the alley . They used to be fun and filled with people but now it's just boring and deserted . On an average day , you will mostly see old men gambling and little kids playing on the play structure here . I loved this place as a kid . I used to love crossing the bridge in between Portsmouth Square and the tall building but I think you can't cross it anymore .. it's sealed or something . I don't know . I also loved the play structure as a kid . I think there's a mini one on the lower level but there's sand there . I've never been a big fan of parks or play structures floored with sand because they just seem dirtier and because emptying the sand out of the shoes was just a pain in the butt . There is one thing I should warn you about Portsmouth Square though .. the bathrooms are really dirty and nasty !! So don't use them unless you really need to .
