After the Phono del Sol festival here today I am beyond impressed with this park. Such a rockin' spot when filled with good people, good music and of course good hula-hooping. Love the playground, the skate park, the natural incline, and the band stage. Beyond what's up.Trust.
Far be it from me to intentionally create new Yelp listings for "businesses"--Yelp really needs to come up with a new term for the subjects of its reviews--that already have listings, but it irks me to no end when listings are arbitrarily combined.So, for example, until I wrote this review, there was no listing for Potrero del Sol Park.  There is a listing called Potrero del Sol/La Raza Skatepark, but I couldn't very well have added a review to that listing because (a) I've never used Potrero del Sol Park's skate-park section and (b) I hate titles with slashes in them.  Technically, a slash means either/or.  So it's either Potrero del Sol Skatepark or La Raza Skatepark.  Well, which one is it?  I have a suspicion that the skate park is called La Raza and that the person who created the Yelp listing decided that this would be a good way to combine listings for the park itself and the skate park, but for reasons I have (hopefully satisfactorily) explained, the listing is inaccurate.I don't want that listing to be removed, but I consider it a place for people to review Potrero del Sol Park's skate park and not the entire park.So here's my review of the entire park.  It's cute in a gritty way.  I've seen strange, inexpert musical performances here.  It's a kind of mini Dolores Park.  OK, that might not be an accurate description; but the way the hipsters sit on the grass and do nothing at all but don't really sunbathe, read, or do anything that most normal parkgoers do reminds me of how the hipsters do (or don't do) the same thing at Dolores Park.  And the grass can be just as frumpy as its Dolores Park counterpart.I've never really felt like I was physically in danger here, but it has all the makings of a dangerous park, and general uneasiness comes with the territory.  I wouldn't leave anything valuable-looking in my car if I drove here (parking's very easy on San Bruno Avenue), and I probably wouldn't remain in the non-skate-park portion of the park after dark.If I hadn't worked at nearby San Francisco General Hospital for four years, I might actually want to live in the general vicinity just to have such a quirky place so close.  But I now know too much about the neighborhood to actually want to be a resident.  (People get shot at Papa Potrero's Pizza, yo--there literally was a shooting inside the restaurant.)One more thing that I will always remember about this park:  funny purple octopi painted on odd bandstand columns.
