Prescita park is a tiny gem of a grassy patch that's somehow always quiet and never crowded - maybe because it's just far enough from Dolores Street to be forgotten but most save locals. Also super dog friendly and off leash, so long as they're well behaved of course. Very clean, frequenter sate respectful. I walk a dog here twice a week and enjoy the opportunity to escape the mission noise and stroll or lay in the shade. Only wish I lived closer!
Decent park for kids, but beware the hipsters.This park is a nice break from the concrete corridors of the city.  Well maintained playground equipment and nice benches.There is even a recessed sand pit for the younglings to play in a safe area.It is directly adjacent to a nice cafe!
Promenade.Trees line each side of the grassy rectangle. Dogs and their owners fill the interior. Along the edges are benches with people like myself reading the Sunday paper.For all involved, especially on those warm sunny days, it's a life of leisure.
Coming a block off of Chavez, this seems like somewhat of a diamond in the rough. That until you realize that you are in Bernal Heights and you are no longer surrounded by riff raff and sheep skin stores. Great little park with a playground at one side, plenty of parking, nice cafe at one end (Precita Park Cafe) wonder restaurant (Hillside Supper Club) and market (Harvest) at the other end. Haven't gotten into the dog doo situation like everyone else has, but I also haven't run around the central part as much. Take caution as with any public park. Nothing huge or mind-blowing, but 9 times out of 10 you aren't going to need anything more than this park.
I love this place! It is our go to place for any meal. I am always so impressed with the quality and execution of the food!
I came here for graffiti in the park day. This is no Dolores Park, so don't be expecting that by any means. I thought this place was pretty rad overall: they had a stage set up where locals were rapping and alongside were a bunch of graffiti boards and people were showing off their artsy skills!Weather was great, crowd was chill, and the park wasn't too crowded. We brought blankets and food and enjoyed the scene for a couple hours. The only downfall was the wind, but that's standard for SF. It's a bit out of the way, but parking isn't bad. I would probably only come back here if it was for another event.
This park is pretty good. It has caught on recently. The playground refurbishment was a nice thing. There are now nicer cafes and restaurants around the park. Lots more people hang out in Precita Park these days due to those things. But the thing is, it's an on-leash park as far as dogs are concerned. There's no grey area there. Five, six signs clearly state same. And folks don't care, and are messing it up these days, treating it as a dog run. Literally messing it up, as we're in a drought and the middle of the park gets chewed up by dogs chasing tennis balls flung by plastic flingers. Somehow the word got out that even though it's on-leash, nobody enforces that, so it's a great off leash environment. Weird, really weird, but that's the way it is. As soon as rec and park hires more ranger that nonsense will stop. Probably pretty soon I bet.
Sure I enjoy Tecate-stained grass, sodcasted tunes, and secondhand weed smoke as much as the next guy. But as I enter my twilight years, I yearn for a spot where the trees grow unencumbered by slacklines and the only sounds in the air are those of shade, sunshine, and serenity.Precita Park is three blocks of quiet bliss just south of Cesar Chavez. I don't own a dog or a child, but there is plenty of action there for both of those beasts. There is a playground near the end of the park (which I tactfully avoid), lots of room for your pooches to roam, and benches along the perimeter.If you want to have a picnic, there is a grocery store and café in the immediate vicinity. If you want to learn a circus skill, go to Dolo.This is my new park of choice. A perfect place to curl up with a book (about regressive taxation) and dream of a world where fushigi balls don't exist. Now get the hell off of my lawn.Obligatory Title Pun: A LITTLE DAM against the tide of youth.Menu Readability: Dogs.Need to mention: There might be a Frenchman buried there. cl.ly/180q333Z3V0NWhat this place teaches me about myself: OK, I still like Dolores Park.
This is our go-to playground. Lots of sand! Only problem is that there is very little shade.
It's a very nice old park, but not as old as tiny South Park in SOMA (the oldest). Lots of open space, not much traffic so it's quiet and peaceful, excellent on sunny days. static.px.yelp.com/bphot…- Located just a few blocks from the small business incubator kitchen, La Cocina (lacocinasf.org), who has nurtured many streetfood businesses.- Since last year, one of the gathering places for SF streetfood vendors (date/time updates via Twitter), where most carts have chosen to debut.- It's a favorite place of neighborhood dog owners, so I recommend that you DON'T walk on the grass, otherwise you might step on poop.
I love bringing my dog here whenever we get the chance. Sure, you're not supposed to have them off-leash but not one seems to care if you do.This park is such a great community space and I've met so many neighbors by hanging out here on a weekend morning.
I've always liked the elongated shape of the park, and it always seemed like a nice little oasis from a distance, so for the first time, got out of my car recently to hang out for a few minutes;It was a sunny day when I came to visit, so there were quite a few people lounging about on the lawn, familes walking around, and guys going shirtless; that's how warm it was!HOWEVER, once you get out of the car and start walking around the park, you start to notice how unkempt it is.Parks are good things, though not everyone's favorite when they don't look manicured or aren't clean. It's a wonder after reading the reviews for the dog shit here that owners don't pick up after themselves!
This park is great for dog lovers and non-dog lovers alike. Every weekend, there's lots of park activities, friendly dogs, and people just loping along the sidewalks or grass. Most of the negative "poop reviews" are from 2007 - not sure why the park isn't reviewed more because it's a busy place and people generally have a good time here. As another reviewer said, it's no Dolores Park, but there are a lot of positives in that statement as well - no need to step over sprawled bodies all over the place or to pose and posture. Give the park it's due!
Oh, Precita park. I am here a lot. More than I would like to admit sometimes. I work nearby, and on the occasion that it is a beautiful day and there is still learning to do, I march my students outside to enjoy learning in their beautiful neighborhood park. On the upside, there are great people around just about 100% of the time running, playing with and hanging with their dogs. Sometimes we run into 'piles' that were not tended to appropriately, but that is more the exception than the rule. The playground is a fun little spot where I let my classroom go nuts every once in a blue moon, but I prefer the field area. Thank you San Francisco for having this great little community space!
All the dogs in the neighborhood poop here. If you have a dog, he will really enjoy the smells of all the other dog's shit that are microscopically scattered throughout the park. He will run around in a frenzy and tire. This park will be good for him and you.
I've never reviewed a park before...but I think ppl will like to know what Precita Park is like.  Comparatively speaking, this park offers as much sun and space as a lot of smaller parks.  Physically, It sits on a little hill all the way down, so there's a slight crookedness to it.  So it might not be the best place to play softball or kickball.  If you have a small group and want spacious grass to sit on, enjoy very warm weather, and some privacy, this is the spot to go. I know it's a bit different than other bigger parks in the city, but it has it's charm.  You won't find sloppy, loud, and drunk young hipsters traipsing around here YET.  I've also noticed a lot of street cart food vendors are setting up shop here now.  It's too bad my gf and I couldn't find an apt around this park...it would've been very nice!  Come and enjoy the sun, warmth, peacefulness, and street vendor food that Precita Park offers.btw: There's also a jungle gym for kids in a gated area!
OMG there is so much dog poo here thanks to people not cleaning up. And the smell of dog pee isn't any better. Park is a leash park but with signs yet dog owners are too high and mighty to obey. The whole top of Bernal hill is dog friendly and leash  free. Dog owners you can drive or walk 3 more blocks. If not please keep your dog on a leash or maybe I should just let my infant poo on the grass and not clean it up. So gross.
My dog theo likes it.
Love my Neighborhood park grew up around the park and it's a great place to enjoy a sunny day in the mission/ Bernal heights. Always people out enjoying themselves with kids or pets.very well kept and clean. Safe place to come and let your kids play because of the fenced off play area picnic tables and lots of grass to let your dog run around too.
Came out to celebrate my gal pal's b-day here several months ago. For some strange reason I thought we were at Dolores Park...Anywhoo, the park itself was nice, surrounded by a residential neighborhood. Parking was a bit hard since it was a sunny Saturday afternoon but I scored a spot across from the park. Saw lots of sun bathers, skateboarders and people walking their dogs towards the grassy area. Towards the playground there were lots of families and kids.I don't think there's a bathroom which is why I saw a toddler watering a tree...his Dad watching him. The people around the place were pretty friendly, we had some birthday party crashers, but Kwan H. was a doll in letting them crash and we all played on the inflatable jumpers together, like one happy family.
Precita Park is one my many favorite reflection points in the city. I sadly have taken a little hiatus from SF but fortunately have some friends with an extra room that borders the park. Shaped like an oval and speckled with furry creatures and maybe a few of their droppings, this dog-friendly oasis is a great escape from whatever it is that troubles you. Sitting on bench soaking up some post-partying rays with a friend the other day, I spotted the jogger. Again and again he circled the park with vigor and purpose. Dressed in head-to-toe sweatpants he was more more Rocky than Prefontaine, drenched in sweat from dedication. I hear he's a fighter but to me, he'll always be the Precita Park jogger, keeping to himself, angelically cracking a sweet workout whip.
This is a review of the children's playground.  Old school wooden structure, lots of swings, sand everywhere (to reduce the number of broken bones as kids take flight from said old school wooden play structure).  Lots of kids having fun - and typically under decent supervision.  Hooray for local parks!
You are nasty.. you are small.. you have signs that specifically point out that owners should in fact pick up their dogs poo.. but regardless you are  a park filled with POO! everywhere! there seems to be little to no up keep to this park??? I guess i am just use to dolores park, and dolores may not be the cleanest but it really does make this park look terrible in comparison. clean up after your dogs people... seriously..
Another delightful place. You sit quietly in the grass ,enjoying the sun and shade and really having fun, and then, once again, you have to fight with dogs.It's written everywhere in this park : " no dogs unleashed". There is a LOT of Dog Playground Areas (DPA) in this city, you can even find the map on the internet.But no no no no. Unleashed dogs here are sacred like cows in India. They can pee on your stroller, lick the face of your baby,  they can pee in front of you and poop too. They do!Is there is a place in this city where you can quietly read a book on CLEAN grass?
I had my birthday party here this past weekend and there isn't anything that I can complain about. There was plenty of room for 8 more parties our size(2 huge jumpers and 20 people). There were a lot of people hanging out, sun bathing, walking their dogs, as the weather was surprisingly nice. People were friendly but not overly friendly either. They would smile as they walk pass you, which is something that is getting rarer in our city.  The park is more crowded towards the playground side but the kids seemed to like it that way. No sketchy people that I saw. No bathroom though and supposedly, BBQ is not allowed either. We didn't see dog poops like some people mentioned but many cute friendly dogs who come beg for your picnic food (50%of them weren't on leash).
I enjoyed this park as a child, racing on the long stretch of grass to get first dibs on the swings, spinning the merry-go-round until my friends got nauseous, and pushing kids around on the tire swings until they got, uh, nauseous. Times have changed and the playground has changed as well. The merry-go-round is no more, but I can imagine why. Overall, this park is dog-friendly, good for small picnics, great for a game of frisbee, and taking small children out to play while you enjoy catching up on your summer reads on the park benches.
Do you have a dog?  Does it pee...a lot?  Do you ever think, where's a great place for my dog to pee?  Does of Rover like doin' it in the grass?  The this grassy little park is the place for you.Dog owners in this area are among the least considerate of those at any park I have ever been around (including those in NYC).  No leashes, No oversight.  No care for the fact that kids and adults may like to play and sun in the grass.  Really people, figure out how to control your puppies...just a bit.You may wonder why did this place get THREE stars???  Well, it does have a great children's playground.  The sound of laughter and mirth from the swings and sandbox at that end of the park make this an overwhelmingly cheery place on any weekend, and many weekdays.  Just remember...don't let you kids play in the grass unless you want them "marked" as part of a canine territory.
I miss the good old days when my classmates and I would go to the park during P.E class! Coach Daryl would take us there for fun and we'd have fun on the not-so-safe structure of a park! We'd climb up those wooden wobbly stairs and chase each other and go down the long ass slide.  We'd hide in corners, go on the swings, and ride this very dangerous but oh-so-fun merry-go-round! We'd all race each other to the swings and just be silly kids! Memories!Like zell has said, times have changed.  The park I remember as a kid is now just a memory.  The structure of the park is more kid-friendly-safe.  It's a great park to go to hang out especially on sunny days!  A place where you can take your friendly beasts to roam and catch some ball.  Every time I pass by here, I'll always think of the good old times....
Beware dogs own this place! It's like an alternate universe, dogs bring their humans here to get out of their house, dogs are walking their humans, dogs are having their humans plan fetch. Humans rise-up and take your park back! Seriously, this place is chill, nice scenery all around. I didn't step on the grass, so, I avoided potential boobie traps
Close to where I used to live, this park and I spent many sunny days together. It's cleaned up from the hypodermic needle ridden mess it was back when I was growing up and endured an update on the playground, but it's still a nice place to walk your dog or jog around the block. Beware of the homeless people that sometimes dwell on the benches closest to Folsom St.
A friend had a bbq here on Sunday afternoon and I think I fell in love.  I know, with a park, it sounds so sad.  However, I found it quite beautiful.  The park was not crowded, but with enough interesting people and dogs around to offer an interesting atmosphere.  From one part of the park, you can see the beautiful murals on the side of Flynn Elementary school...really beautiful!  We saw multiple, adorable disabled dogs (one with 3 legs and one with a doggie wheelchair), there were enough cute lesbians around for me to checkout, and my straight girlfriends enjoyed the male scenary as well.  Beautiful people, disabled dogs, enjoyable art work, and plenty of space...what more could you ask for?
I take this park for granted because I live in the neighborhood. While its nice to look at and occasionally sit and hang out, it is not maintained very well and is often muddy. My real gripe about this place is the people who choose to cook and eat and drink in the park and not clean up after themselves. I cannot tell you how many times I have stepped over garbage, food scraps and bbq charcoal. If you want to cook in the park then fucking clean up after yourselves. Oh, and i always pick up my dog poop.
This park is small, cute and has played host to my midday beer drinking, bouncy castles for kids birthdays, the play Pastime, mimes, hula hoopers, tons of dogs and strolling parents and way too many picnics to count. All in all I'm richer for having this little Oasis so close to home.
this is a cute little oasis between the mission and bernal heights.  i love this neighborhood and i love this wee green rectangle of goodness!  lots of cute dogs frolicking, a few homeless folks loitering, and fine people-watching to be had here.
