This is probably one of the best playgrounds in SF. After my sons doctors appointment we decided to go to a playground in the area and this one of the closest and highest rated in the area, so we popped on in.  We also had his behavioral therapist with us and she spoke highly of this playground.  They have a tiny area for smaller kids under 5 which includes a sandbox with toys folks in the area "donated" or left behind.  My little boy was in love with the sandbox area. There's another huge play structure for bigger kids and lots of benches and shaded areas for parents and nannies to hang out and unwind while the kids play in the area.  Bigger kids can also play in the basketball court.  What's neat about this playground is that there are tons of toys such as bikes, balance bikes, toy structures that parents either left behind or donated.  My little boy loved playing with some of those toys.  There's also a multi purpose room that you can probably rent out for birthday parties etc. As well as a decent bathroom for folks to use while they're in the playground.  I highly recommend stopping by if you're in the area.  It's a wonderful playground.  The only negative is that it can get pretty crowded and sometimes parking is difficult but overall definitely a great place to visit.
What a great little park. Not the biggest of them all and more geared for smaller kids. This playground has a small sand area, the bulk of the play structures are built on artificial turf, and there is a basketball court. To me, turf is so much better than sand (easier to clean). There are a ton of abandoned rolly (think I just made than word up) toys all over. I assume parents with kids who have grown out of their toys have donated these items to the park. If so, "Thank you". The addition of these moveable pieces of entertainment adds to the overall enjoyment to the park....for my one-year-old, of course. Many of the kids use the basketball court to ride their newfound rolly toy. It works out great. This park is well worth a visit if you live in the area. I wouldn't drive more than 20 minutes to discover the magic as it is limited by size.
This is the nicest and best-kept playground near home, so we go whenever we have a chance. Everything is in great shape, and reasonably new (renovated a couple years ago).There are four main sections to the playground: 1. A building with bathroom and a multi-purpose room2. A full basketball court with three hoops (not always used for basketball)3. A fenced-in infant/toddler playground4. A regular-kid playgroundThe bonus feature is that folks leave (or donate) their toys at the playground, so just add kids and let them play with all kinds of walking, riding, standing, and other toys.
This is the best park in San Francisco, if you have kids. One section is for toddlers and the other is for bigger kids who need space to run, etc. Both sides have play structures. Beyond the two sections, there's a basketball court that you'll see from the street that's huge. If you have kids, it's a must. They will adore this place, and you'll enjoy the fact that there's something for all of your children (even the book worm...he/she can sit somewhere under a tree and read with you:)).
What a great area & neighborhood... We didn't actually go to the park part but went and checked out the "Wood Line" exhibit which is rather close.  Just nice to go to a place that has lots of trees in the City, makes it feel as though it is far away.  A very nice escape from reality.
I used to come here all the time when I was a kid.  It's really different now...more baby-friendly.  I take my daughter her and she loves it. It's a very safe and controlled environment. The only thing is that it gets pretty packed on weekends and after school on weekdays.
Great playground with super soft faux grass. Gets nice sun. Small but feels more like your own backyard than a public park.
The nicest, cleanest, safest playground I have ever been to.I'm from the era of  concrete play structures, concrete floors, and steel swings that pinched your skin. There was nothing to protect you from getting hurt at a playground. This place is the complete opposite (good or bad). The park is separated into two areas, one for younger children enclosed by a gate that the little ones can't get out of easily. They both have play structures and swings, AstroTurf, a sandbox and padded floors. On the bigger play side there are soft picnic tables (made from the same material as the soft play structures I think) and a basketball court. There is upon entering an indoor area but I didn't go inside so I don't know what it housed. I have never seen a public park so clean. There was no litter anywhere, even in the bathroom!I wished I lived closer!
Best, playground for babies, toddlers, under 2 in Presidio area. Top shelf! Community toys in toddler area for everyone to enjoy.
We've been patiently waiting for this park to re-open.  We had been walking or driving to Alta Plaza Park instead this whole time. This park is just a few days old like my newborn, so it's five stars.  Everything is new and clean and nice.  I doubt this park will deteriorate over time, as it's in great hands.  It's been open around 10 days and we've already been here a handful of times to let my toddler burn off his energy, my newborn get some fresh air and sun (not much of that in July in SF, though), and myself to get up and active after popping out another one.  We like the soft, fake turf in the mini toddler area, the basketball court with all the balls provided, the toddler basketball hoop stand, nice picnic tables.  Nice climbing structures in the bigger toddler area.  The sandlot uses real sand, so it's dusty.  Some people don't like it.  The ramp that goes up into the park isn't too steep either.  It's a few minutes walk from our house, and unlike Julius Kahn Park, there are no hills to get to this park!  That's why it's our favorite neighborhood park now.  (I think I still like Alta Plaza Park a bit more because it's bigger and gets more sun, but this one doesn't require a 20 minute walk, so...)
This is a great children's park. There are many areas to the park which are not shown. The only negative is that there are a lot of people/children there on the weekends. It's very safe. I love the infant section which has fake grass and a small play area. People donate toys and there are plenty of toys for the kids to play with. We drive out of our way to go there.
