The Presidio Trust puts on great events at the Presidio Officers' Club. Tonight there was a presentation on the archaeological research and digs going on in the Presidio. I really liked the space. There's a restaurant Arguello next door. I didn't know about this building until this month. It is a rare treasure in SF. They have a lot of free events open to the public. eventbrite.com/o/presidi…
FreeAnd hadSome of the Best recountingOf SF's history. Not far from bridge.
There done a great job of remodeling the building. It looks how I imagine it oh so long ago. Great outdoor patio with a fire.  Bartender was awesome and made some killer margaritas. A lotvof the staff have attitudes like this place is the ONLY place that matters, a truffle annoying. I think our waiter was high on drugs, couldn't stop touching his running nose- yuck, and was talking so fast and was edgy. Food is okay. Fresh ingredients well prepared but still toned down Mexican flavors to appeal to Los blancos. Certainly better Mexican food elsewhere.
The Presidio - a former U.S. Army base. When it was turned over to the Golden Gate National Recreation Area as part of public domain, I started to enjoy Crissy Field for walking or jogging, then much later, shopping at Sports Basement for outdoor apparel.  Now the Presidio Officers Club is on my Presidio frequently visit list.  The POC was renovated and reopened in October 2014.  Built out of adobe clay, this is an historic building.  Parts of the building still has the adobe walls encased for public viewing. There's a small museum on the second floor.On Thursday and Friday nights, there are free special events opened to the public.The only disappointment for me was the "view" from the second floor terrace.  You can see what was the old parade grounds directly below (now a paid parking lot). And a little of the San Francisco Bay.Grab a cocktail from the Arguello next door and feel free to sit down and relax.
A gracious, beautiful, big old building recently restored to pristine condition. Worth a stop, it's free and always open. They have lectures, concerts, and activities here 3-4 times per week. There's a small museum and there are many random exhibits throughout the rest of the facility. There are many rooms, hallways, passages and courtyards that are totally fine to explore, sit, bring a meal. Harkening to another era there are many entrances and exits, stairways, everything is unlocked 24 hours a day with no visible security but you know you are on United States federal property so that keeps you honest, the feds do not mess around.Physically, it feels like a country club or suburban conference center, immaculately maintained. If you are an explorer or have a chance to attend an event here, do.
This restoration and venue is so well done and so seemingly undiscovered. I visited twice on this trip - once to check it out and again to take some pictures and there was almost no one there. One of the coolest things is a map that shows all the troop deployments since the mid-1800s. I didn't know that 450 troops from the Presidio were sent to Washington DC during the Civil War for example. So much history and heritage.The facility is immaculate, educational and user friendly. A true gem. And, its free. Amazing amazing amazing.PS - The Presidio Officers Club is not the same as Arguello which is a restaurant located at the Presidio Officers Club. duh.
The army probably never imagined that one day jazz would be played in the Presidio Officers' club! Cool jazz, cool space.
An unlikely place to hang on a Sunday afternoon with the two of your proudest creations. Free internet. Sunday family drop in room is not too crowded. That day you three made mobiles with twigs and leaves, cones and nuts, berries and branches, and you tied the nuts to the thread and roped the branches and leaves together. These were the reasons you form a family, to give up your selfish desires and sacrifice your own happiness, sometimes, to take care of them. So you could marvel at those bright-eyed fiercely independent, well-traveled, grounded, opinionated little people who look just like you yet so much more self-assured. They wandered the halls with you and explored the history of this recently renovated building, and asked questions you sometimes could not answer. One is nearly as tall as you, and one is catching up to you just as well. You led them to the galley, where an exhibit was on, they touched the walls and chairs and decorations but only if they knew they was okay to be touched. They read the writings on the prints, they asked if those cannons on the front gate were real, and why was it called the Officer's Club anyway? Who danced and dined here once? In the end they concluded for a city that seemed to be small yet crowded, this place was massive and quiet on a Sunday afternoon. They reminded you this German D.J. dance music song that is called "San Francisco", this is how they got to know San Francisco, during one of their many trips to Germany, they heared this song titled San Francisco played by their favorite D.J. in Berlin. You downloaded it, and you remembered what it felt like to be a stranger in a stranger's land, yet the song reminded you that home was not that far away after all.  That day when you left the Club in your German convertible, you all of sudden remembered coming here not long ago for Shakespeare in the Park, and there were some porta potties nearby that sunday afternoon. This was a small little provincial town comparing to New York, but at least it offered something interesting and historical, and the view, the view to the GGB, was spectacular. The younger of the two children declared that the hall was neat, and perhaps it would not be such a terrible idea to come back again, but not before their next trip to the Caribbean's, which you had marked on your calendar, as you needed to drop them off at SFO, to do that handoff, and when they return, they'd have a month in school before heading out to Japan and Hong Kong. You were relieved you came here when you could.  "I know this is not Tom Tits Experiments, or Wasa, but children, we don't have to fly all the way to Sweden right now, it's cold and dark now in Scandinavia, stay here, where we could drive with the top town, all throughout the winter." Their mother pleaded.
There's a small historical museum inside the newly renovated Presidio Officer's Club. It'll take less than half an hour to go through the museum so I wouldn't make a special trip out here to see it. The preservation is pretty minor - there are only 2 things to see and they're both pieces of old wall - not really that interesting.Pretty quiet during the week, mostly retirees. Not sure if you're just allowed to hang out on the swank cushy sofas around the hall.Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 am to 6 pmClosed Mondays
We rented the Chapel of our Lady (separate venue) for the ceremony and the Ortega Ballroom for our wedding reception September 2015.  We had a great experience working with Susan of the Presidio Trust whom we worked with for both venues.  She was very response via email.  I didn't find the government process/bureaucracy to be an issue like some people have mentioned before.  We did book our venues more than 1 year in advance so it may have been easier at that time.  We had a fantastic day in the city and the view from the balcony was stunning for our afternoon reception.  We rented a small amount of equipment/tables from the Presidio with no issues.  We had about 130 guests with a dance floor and a two-sided buffet and it was the perfect amount of space.
Full disclosure: I work in and around and with: hotels, national parks, historic buildings. I was not involved in this building.An unbelievably special building, I encourage everyone anywhere near the Presidio to check it out. They just nailed historic preservation and its presentation to visitors. The Presidio Trust, the historic architects, the general contractor, and everyone involved should be really proud. It's stunning.  The art, on top of the museum displays, is absolutely stunning.  I was absolutely emotional and blown away going through the building.The building itself was restored with such loving care it reminds me of a Smithsonian West, really nailing the museum quality, and is deeply relevant to our city's history. It's just a stunning addition to the United States, let alone the city of San Francisco, or Presidio. It is bigger than just "us".... This is a shining light for the United States to actually get history right, for once. Peter McIntyre:"I have no doubt that architecture is the highest form of art that we could possibly have. And any architect that manages to build a worthwhile building has my absolute admiration because I know really how much he or she must have gone through to actually design that building." I've really loved the 140 New Montgomery project, and the job they did there was magnificent. But, it's true, that I haven't felt so unhinged with emotion in relating to a building as "experience" as I have with the Officer's Club. Not in a long time.  It just kept peeling back new moments, with unexpected depth. The new Goldsworthy is stunning. It's just so amazing... we are all ending up immersed, totally steeped, in one of the greatest cultural sites in America at this intersection of history, architecture, art, and interpreting all of that.  The 40 feet of 100's years of history, interpreted in the front museum room, was just spectacular.  Arguello is totally jaw dropping... best room in the city!Now, for some fun & perspective on people that don't "get it".... Here are 1 star Yelp reviews of National Parks over beautiful pictures:imgur.com/gallery/bwsrB
Beautifully restored. I'd host a classy, understated wedding reception here if I ever got married in an alternate reality.
Absolutely awesome!  They did a fantastic job of remodeling and restoring this building.  Heck they did a great job with the Presidio to be honest.  I can still remember attending my sister's wedding here many moons ago, and it was cool back then.  The historical significance of this place is irreplaceable, and they smartly incorporated both a dining area, and a mini museum.  Great Job!
The Club itself is fabulous. Dining there is terrible. The staff is overwhelmed, the whole atmosphere is crowded and overly busy. It's a terrible place to dine.
we went there today to eat lunch--no menu just brunch and that is a laugh hardly anything on the menu and these things were mini servings for mega prices one mini shrimp taco tasty but it cost 10.dollars no salsa on the table--no well drinks we got very little food for $40. no service no glass with ice for coke my beer was fine sorry the food taste was fine but way over priced for self service --I come from Germany to visit my daughter and am Army Vet who had eaten here at the old Officers Club before this all happened and I would never come here to eat again or send a friend sorry was so verry disappointing
I love that someone dinged this place for the "idiocy" of obeying the fire code.  Yeah, polyester linens, candles and your drunk guests make a sensible combo, especially in a historic landmark....This place is fantastic, even if your votive candles can't have the flame sticking out (if your caterer knows what s/he's doing, they've already prepared for that).  Beautiful, elegant space, great event managers with lots of experience to help you out...  and as someone pointed out, the free parking might bring tears to your grateful eyes.  The fact that we could have a separate cocktail lounge, then open the double doors into the dining area got lots of compliments from our friends.  And while some people think it's dark, I really like the Spanish style and coziness (ah, the fireplace!).  Plus, we were there in the evening.  But if you like airier spaces, I suggest you check out the Golden Gate Club, its sister property.Only one thing (and they warn you about it) is that the adjacent museum, with full access to the unlockable coat closet, is open until 5 or 6pm.  So you need someone there to watch coats until the museum closes.   My brothers used that as an excuse to not interact with guests, so they appreciated this guard duty more than were bugged by it, I'm guessing.  All in all, I found it an accomodating, elegant, convenient and beautiful place.  My husband and I often comment to one another that we're so glad we had our reception there.
I hate to say this but this place truly sucks not only it's a rip off for the tourist but $4 for one taco come on!!!  Yeah it's okay but $4 for one taco what a joke u better off inhaling the taco then chewing it... Just a RIP OFF!!! I rather eat at a taco truck or Taco Bell for twice as much. Bartender was really rude didn't know shit about tequila he was a complete dick head who talk down on the lower class n middle class if u weren't an upper class. The staff behind the kitchen were bunch of thugs who had no class. One staff had a tattoo that said bitch on her left arm. What's going on with this picture? Is this Oakland? Y would the presidio hire bunch of criminal to work for the presidio... This is a casual place to hang out n bring your family to just chill n enjoy the presidio park.  Who would want their kid to see someone all ink up like that? Compare to the commissary that place is more legit then the officer club... That place is just a waste. Now I see why the manager from commissary left cuz this place is a complete joke n rip off. You have workers who are very unprofessional and have no class n taking break n eating in front of customer... are u kidding me presidio should be very shame of the themselves for hiring unprofessional ppl at the officer club never ever going back ppl are really rude n have no respect for the customers. Presidio should be shame on themselves.... I give this shit hole two tumbs down. Hire ppl that will respect the presidio n treat ppl nice... This place sucks donkey balls!!! Period...
Romantic, great wine, great food, good parking....I Like It!
Married in Sept 2005 and we had our reception here... it was all that we ever imagined and more!Staff were very helpful and responsive when booking this place.Love it ;-) Would def recommend ...plus, lots of parking!Erika @ facebook.com/EventsInExc…
We had our wonderful wedding reception at the Presidio Officers Club.  Six Stars= for the venue, the history of the building, the views, the overall atmosphere, the large hardwood floor, the gorgeous chandeliers, the large parking lot, the Chapel of Our Lady next door. Two Stars= for the Presidio Trust staff and various other elements/rules.  For example, the fact that there is a full kitchen but they will not let your caterers use ovens. Annoying. I understand it's a historic building (the oldest in SF) but their relentless borderline harassment about whether or not I'd had my "candles approved" drove me fricking insane.  When you're planning a wedding, the last thing you want is someone reminding you of tasks you've already done, numerous times. The rules were cumbersome and the contract was lengthy, but I had to keep reminding myself, this is the government.  The fact that you have to be out (and I mean every single thing out) by Midnight is also irritating.  The "building buyout" is a joke, you don't get the whole building, because there is a visitors center in the building they can hold whatever exhibits there they please and don't have to give you any notice.  The building is public until 5pm, regardless of whether you've paid the "building buyout."  It didn't pose too much of a problem for us, but I didn't like the surprise factor a week before the wedding.  You are also vunerable to any festivals they are holding at the Main Post.  Because you really have to book out a year in advance, you'll have no idea what festivals are happening when you secure (and pay for) your date.  Bottom Line: I would absolutely hold my wedding there if I had it to do over again.  It was a magical setting, we had perfect weather and history of the building was meaningful and a treat for our out of town guests. The staff could work on their attitude, but once you obey their rules and they "check the block" they pretty much leave you alone.
I recently had my wedding at the Officers Club & had great experience. First of all, the place looked AMAZING!! It's a very unique venue in that it has a lot of history & feels somewhat rustic, but the ambiance is fabulous. The lighting is very romantic & beautiful...people were in awe of our wedding & we definitly didn't have a huge budget. The people I worked with answered questions quickly & were on top of it. They by no means are a venue where they sort of help "plan your wedding" - so don't expect that.All in all I'd highly recommend based on how beautiful & unique this venue is.
This building made a nice venue for a the wedding I attended this weekend. The main hall had a very Spanish Mission rustic feel, a bit like a scene out of  Zorro. The lighting was variable, creating different atmospheres for the different times of the event, and the large fireplace at one end not only added ambiance, but its mantelpiece was perfect for old family photos. (No reason for Granny to miss the wedding due to a little thing like being deceased!) Three large rooms are included in the rental, with movable dividers between them; a couple smaller rooms are included, too, for changing, etc. The bathrooms are in slightly awkward locations, but otherwise fine. A large catering kitchen backs the central room, making food easy to arrange.Guests also have the run of the exhibit hall (open to the public Sun - Thurs. 10-5) that contains a very  interesting tour of U.S. military and imperialist expansion during the 19th and early 20th century. Docent tours are available.FYI, the online directions to reach the O-Club are actually quite clear and effective, and everyone will be happy to see the expansive parking lot right in front of the building.TRIVIA: The Presidio was an active military base for almost 220 years (1776-1994). It was one of the first settlements founding San Francisco when the New Spain (Mexico) government established the base as its northernmost outpost. The U.S. Army took over in 1864. The base has been largely open to the public since 1874, except during times of war.
A charming venue for events --- in fact, they were prepping for one the day we were there.  The rustic Spanish adobe that is the Presidio Officers' Club is also home to nice bookstore offering an array of titles on the base's military history and surrounding wildlife.  The staff is very friendly and nice.  They really went the extra mile in trying to hunt down a long skinny Phillips screwdriver required to free my kids' new toy army jeeps (purchased in the store) from their overly secure packaging. If you're visiting without children, I would encourage you to adjourn to the club's serene lounge with your newly purchased bookstore items and soak in the history around you. The officers' club is also set up for housing art shows.  On our visit a wonderful collection of watercolors was on display. You'll have no trouble finding parking here either,  the Presidio Officers' Club is adjacent to the massive parade grounds on the main part of the base.
The BF indulged my obsession with weddings and took me here to scope out as a potential wedding venue.  The Moraga Room was breathtaking.  I sort of held the Golden Gate Club in higher esteem than the Officer's Club before visiting, but now this place is closer in the running.  The cool chandeliers and the overall warm feel of the room offer preset ambiance, requiring less "work" than the Golden Gate Club would.  The Mesa Lounge had a more rustic feel to it, with some cool historic information about the building (one of two surviving colonial buildings in San Francisco.)  My only gripe about the place is that there isn't much room for a dance floor for a wedding of 100+ guests; I just couldn't imagine it unless some of the guest tables spilled over into the funky-carpeted, lower-ceilinged Arguello Room.  Like I said, however, it's still in the running.What astounded me most of all was the temporary exhibit on the U.S. war with the Philippines.  It was purely by coincidence that we visited during the exhibit, but since it was FREE (yay!) we dove right in.  We both found it to be very informative.  It was a very thorough portrait of the effects of Imperialism on the country of my roots.  Their coverage of a complex chapter in history was impressive, complete with a section on the failure of the anti-imperialist movement, and an audio reading of an essay by Mark Twain.  What saddens me most is that hardly anyone knows it's there; it was great, and I really hope more people make it out to see it.  I learned not only a little bit more about my ancestry, but about this country's history as well.
Attended the photography exhibit Red Cross Memory of Humanity 145 years this past weekend.  Nice space and easy parking.  There's a lot of history also.  It's one of two standing buildings in SF that was originally built by Native Americans and Spanish colonialists.  The New Deal provided money to renovate and they built hard wood walls over the adobe.  In the front room directly to the left from the main entrance, they have torn down the walls and you can see the original adobe.  Just amazing!
Quite unlike it's large and elegant cousin, the Golden Gate Club, The Officer's Club is a smaller, darker and more rustic relative.  It definitely has it's own charm though.  With a mission feel and flair the Officer's Club comes with quite a history - one that can literally be seen in the walls.   Last I saw they were creating an exhibit in the dark, cozy lounge area. Heavy wood doors lead into the building and the main event room has somewhat low ceilings.  Swathed in dark wood it has magnificent iron chandeliers and a cozy fireplace perfect for chilly Presidio evenings.  The windows are dense and old-fashioned.  This main room can also be expanded into a somewhat awkward double-sized area by opening accordion-style doors.  There are also smaller rooms and corridors scattered about.   Heading out of the Club you are treated to a vast expansive view of the Presidio and bay.  And looking back in the darkness you'll be taken by the chandeliers blazing through the windows.
This is a great venue to host meetings, small dances, town halls, luncheons, dinners, etc. It's a historic monument and the second oldest building in the city (though I argue the first half the time). Everything has been refurbished, though you can still see some of the history of the building and the Presidio itself there. Half of it is a large open space with wide windows that open up to the Marina and Marin County.If you do look out the window on a bright and sunny day you could just sit by the windows and look out into forever and enjoy the view. There's a fully functional kitchen with a conventional and commercial fridge, lots of chairs, and the staff there are really nice and accomodating.On the other half, there is the small little museum of stuff. No photos though, but always good to learn about the history of San Francisco and sit in the comfy couches after a long day of walking around historic San Francisco. The good thing is if you are planning to host anything there or plan anything there, right outside is ample parking. The lot is huge and there are a few bus lines that run right up front. I'm not sure if that bowling alley nearby is still up and running though, but from the looks of things, I think its closed. How sad, just like every other bowling alley in the city.
We checked out the Officer's Club as a possible location for our wedding.  It's a cool little place with a lot of history.  They've got a lot of different small rooms with artifacts, old uniforms, and museum-y stuff.  I liked it.  I didn't really think it was a great place for a wedding though, at least not one for 100+ people.  Here's why (among some other thoughts):--I LOVED the big room because it had a big, fat fireplace.  Probably wouldn't seat too many people comfortably, but it was cool.  Also, it was kind of dark.  It didn't have many windows.--there was an old-fashioned coatroom.  Neat.--there was a lounge-y area that might be neat for socializing.  However, it's filled with artifacts, and I'd be worried to break something.--It's a little rustic.  As in, old and not so fancy.  It's also undergoing "excavation and renovation," so there are some unfinished places.--The Club is broken up into a lot of little rooms.  To me, this makes it a difficult place for a wedding reception, because people would be scattered all over the place.
I scored an invite to the UCSF Hem/Onc Holiday Party and with two lovely ladies at my side, I went and checked this place out.When we arrived, the party unfortunately was winding down.  However, food was still available and was definitely tasty.  The main hall is large and has many other tables.  I did a quick tour of the building, which has a lot of history dating back to the military era of the Presidio.Great location, as it is near the waterfront too
I used this place for my wedding reception in 2006.  I wasn't considering this location initially, because of the rather high fee ($4k in 2006) but I fell in love with the spanish architecture and the lovely hardwood floors... this place gets nice lighting during the day and very soft romatic lighting at night...  They definitely make you pay for everything (chair/table rentals are additional) and the biggest minus on this place is that the kitchen doesn't have any stoves... only prep and fridges... I think this makes it harder for the caterers, who either have to BBQ outside or precook everything.  Presidio staff was pretty good, but they seem to have a lot of turnover.  The contract is a bit cumbersome (what can I say, it's a gov't organization) and they have these idiotic rules about candles (must be in a votive at least 2" above the flame) and insurance (PLEASE check w/your caterer regarding this aspect) so can't give them 5 stars.oh, also forgot to add, the rental for the club includes the whole place, really, after hours... so you have the run of the place... kinda nice.  Plus, plenty of PARKING!!!
While nice from the outside, the inside was drab and community center-ish.  You'd definitely need professional lighting, as the enormous, overpowering chandeliers cast dingy, yellowish light.  There was also a weird part of the building that I didn't go into covered in red carpet.
This is a beautiful venue for a wedding reception.   The old world charm of the building, the fireplace, chandeliers and some candles, all contributed to a warm and romantic setting for our wedding. It was not dark at all (mentioned by another reviewer). Our reception was absolutely beautiful. We did want a church wedding, and had our service in the Presidio Chapel.  Yes, the price tag for just renting the spaces is not cheap, but it was worth it.   The little room in the front with comfy seats was a lifesaver.  For me (the exhausted bride) the ability to refresh myself by putting my feet up in a plush, soft leather chair for a few minutes was great.  On  a few occasions, I slipped in, closed the door and took 5 minutes alone. Aaah! The historical area was interesting for our families to take little strolls through, we have a few war buffs in the family and they seemed to enjoy it. This is a huge space, and you don't need to use all of it. Many caterers have experience with this space and can help you make the most of it, particularly if you are using a caterer from the Presidio Trust's preferred list (I found plenty of excellent choices). Also, there is plenty of parking here.    A word of caution though about taxi's and getting guest's home after the event, taxi's don't like to pick up people in the presidio.  The only complication was that a few people waited for taxi's that never came.
after last year's ghost hunters episode on the sci-fi channel which featured the "officers club" in the presidio, a special friend of mine invited me to visit this place NOT to see an exhibit OR to learn it's historical facts OR to check the gift shop OR to attend a soiree NOR to reserve a room for a meeting or an event (reservations are ONLY taken up to 1 year in advance), BUT hoping to see a ghostly apparition of some sort or YET, to capture an orb in my camera!!in front of this remodeled spanish colonial military building, two bronze canons flanks the club's entrance and amusingly it was given a named: san pedro(st. peter) and poder (powder).the well-known, "haunted" officers club has been the leading event location for many years,with its exquisite, cultured ballroom and reception lounge. back in time, this place has been the favored environment for special occsions to the military officers.so the first room that we went in was the MESA LOUNGE, which displays a spanish crucifix, leather holsters, bone dominoes and a comb for lice. a portion of a floorboard was pried up & peeled away the plaster to permit a glimpse of the adobe walls which encapsulates a portion of this room.this was the place where the ghost hunter team smelled the tobacco smoke and heard the tapping of a ring....the "wanna-be ghost hunter" (WBGH) and i smelled nor heard NOTHING!around the corner, in which NO cameras or foods are allowed beyond this point, black & white photos are hanging in the wall and different uniforms in different period of times are encased in glasses for display.the EXHIBTION HALL was unfortunately closed and not showing any exposition to the public during our visit.at the VISITOR CENTER, which is the informational hub for all things historical, you will find books, free maps, brochures, clothing, pamphlets,  pins, pens, stuff toys & etc.my WBGH companion took pictures of: the pitch-black COAT CHECK, where it is only use during an event, the MORAGA ROOM which is the grand ballroom with blackout curtains, gas fireplace, chandeliers with dim lighting & wooden floors. supposedly in this room, a full-bodied apparition of a woman in a spanish-styled dress can be seen walking through the ballroom and out the door.however, the only full-bodied "spook" the WBGH saw was a woman in jeans, hooded sweatshirt & sneakers, prancing around and later running through the door, because i, myself was scared of my own shadow and scared from the creepy noise and talking of the WBGH!!the rest of the rooms: ARGUELLO, DE ANZA & GARDEN are certainly a perfect venue for any occasion with its different capacity, anemities & measurement that will fit to your event. the WBGH took pictures of these rooms and investigated also.the KITCHEN with a double-swinging door is ample enough for the caterers to use to keep or hold the food for an event. again, no orbs was seen in the camera.so in the end of our "ghost hunting", we ended up learning some interesting stuff about this historical place, albeit no evidence was seen with our naked eyes or captured with my camera, we both walked away happy & well-informed.
I love this building.  It's got all this space that I could just imagine could host some great parties and events.  There's just so much history in it.  They also have a little area with some history of San Francisco.  And don't forget the Visitor's Center!  I went yesterday with my sister to check out the Plants and Insects Exhibition (it's been extended through Nov. 26th).  I really liked the "photographs" of the plants.  They were really cool.  The artist didn't use a camera, lens, or computer to get the images.  He basically put the plants on a piece of film and passed an electric current though it, then used an optic fiber to perfect it.  It was so cool!  One of the best parts of this place is all of the FREE parking!  There's a huge lot right across the way.
Recently attended a wedding here, and I personally loved this space.  It's got a cool funky vibe that sets it apart from other large event spaces. There's real charm and a cool history in the building.  It's lovely at night - lots of nice hardwood and fixtures.  Sitting on the cannon out front to cool down is perfect.  Lots of parking too.
