You guys, it's a Tulip garden!How can you give it less than 5 stars? Parking can be a little challenging if you come during the weekend.We lucked out & got parking that wasn't too far of a walk. Street parking is probably what you will end up with - so for all you parallel-phobes (yes, I am one) just FYI!The garden itself is quite small but it wasn't too crowded. there are benches where people an sit - there were people napping on blankets the brought from home.There was music coming from the other festivities happening around this garden but nothing that is too bothersome.All in all - such a pretty garden to stop by if you happen to be in the heighborhood.
This tulip garden is so pretty - especially with the Dutch Windmill in the background!Just imagine that you're in Amsterdam... wow!  But, it's right in the middle of Golden Gate Park in San Francisco!And - it's FREE!The colors were so cheerful!  The flowers made the overcast, chilly, rainy day a brighter one!If it were warmer, I'd hang around a bit longer, but it was March, and not yet Spring, so after a few photos, I ran back into the car and we drove off to the next tourist spot!
Thieves abound. Don't leave anything in your car. Other than that, the windmill is neat for a few minutes but wasn't worth the price of the broken window and stolen stuff.
Petty boring in winter...no flowers, not much to see.  Gotta return later.3.5 stars - the big wooden windmill is cool.
This is the perfect spot to have a picnic or like what we happened upon, a couple taking engagement pictures. The windmill is huge and quite stunning amongst the green lawn and flowers. You can see it from the beach too and it's so random, but a pleasant surprise. The only negative was that there were no tulips but I guess it's not tulip season. Otherwise you would have felt like you had been transported to the Netherlands!
What a lovely find. I really like well maintained, colorful gardens. This is what I consider a nice find on the west end of Golden Gate Park. A beautiful place for pictures with that special background, and when you walk to the center of the garden, the olfactory experience is marvelous. I can sit and watch the flowers grow and simply enjoy the color, the smell, and the peace  that is oh so evident in place like this!
I love the gardens & have been visiting in February for years.  The tulips in previous years have been MAGNIFICENT.  This year they are very sparse, DOES ANYONE KNOW WHY?
A relaxing romantic spot in busy Golden Gate ParkThis is a small garden.  It is, however, filled with color even after the tulips have bloomed. Other than photographing the flowers there isn't much to do here.  There are benches that visitors can sit and enjoy the flowers.
This was such a magical spot! Right at the end of Golden Gate Park and a block for the Pacific! We laid in the grass under the Dutch Windmill surrounded by flowers with the noise of the waves in the back ground. Romantic spot for couples and very picturesque for family pictures.
With all the beautiful flowers and the windmill here, this place makes for a great photo-op! This garden is nice for bringing a blanket or chairs and just sitting and relaxing in either the shade or the sun. That's great for if you're a local, but for a visitor, which was my case, this is a good little area of Golden Gate Park to stop and look at for about 20 or so minutes and then keep going.  It's not too large so for me, I walked through the garden, took photos, walked around the windmill, and then sat on one of the many benches for a few minutes and then was on my way. Just as a quick heads-up for a visitor who's not that familiar with the locations of things in Golden Gate Park, this located within walking distance of Park Chalet Garden Restaurant and Ocean Beach.
Beautiful garden near Ocean Beach. They do not have tulips year-round... but there are always beautiful flowers there! It would be quite relaxing to spend an afternoon there sitting on the bench surrounded by the lush grass, blooming flowers, and the windmill.
This place is beautiful. My cousin hosted his picnic wedding here, and I had a fantastic time with the family and kids. The flowers are bloomed and we're right below the windmill. This place is amazing and gorgeous! Check it out if u have a chance. :)
Beautiful garden tucked away across from Ocean Beach! Regardless if it's sunny or foggy, it's a delightful site to visit in a very unexpected location.  Lovely flowers and benches you can sit on to enjoy the windmill and gardens.  Check it out!
Romantic. Cute, local, old couple sitting on the bench enjoying the view. One of the two windmills located in the Golden Gate Park near Ocean beach. This windmill is smaller than the other but the flowers are more impressive here. Beautiful colorful flowers. Great photo opp.
Quite simply, I could sit on one of the benches all day (there are about 8 of em at various angles and areas in the small-ish space).During the spring, the windmill and flower beds are wonderful for photographs.This garden is not huge, but it's a nice quiet spot to have a picnic or read a good book in the sun.  I love also how this part of the park is close to Ocean Beach (easy parking).Let's hope for more sunny days so I can continue to enjoy this great weekend spot!
Beautiful little spot in the Golden Gate Park. We ran into it and thought it was a perfect photo op. Didn't pay attention to see how many tulips around because we couldn't bring our pup in. Later on, we walked our round at the park and ran into it again and it was filled with people and their picnic baskets. Definitely a must do next time we are in town. The garden is quite small but very cozy and clean.
Blahhhhh...no more tulips, or flowers, but the grass was freshly mowed and the grounds swept.  Nevertheless, the walk to the garden was pleasant.
Gorgeous. Colorful. Amazing. My first time here (april/may 2010). I love tulips- they're my absolute favorite flower. This was a treat seeing all of these flowers in this impressive garden. It was such a beautiful presentation. Huge. Lush green grass, and the flowers were vibrant yellow, purple, periwinkle, lilac, and hot pink. The tulips look different when they are completely opened up. I loved it. The first few pictures that we took weren't as impressive since the sun was not shining over yet- we got there pretty early. As the sun came out, brightly shining, we took better pictures. There were just a few other people besides us. Parking was easy- we found a space right up front. There were a couple maintenance workers at the Dutch Windmill (no public access). There were a couple benches for sitting and just to soak everything in. We were there for an hour or so.
Got married here in the spring of 1993. Was the perfect venue for us with all the flowers, weather was great that day. We go here and still have a picnic with the kids and look at the tulips (in season) and just always stop be when we're in the area.I just wonder how much it is to rent the area nowadays (if the even do it any more).BTW, the receiption at the Cliffhouse was just perfect also.
It's tulip time.  Please go and be astounded by the beauty.  Take your camera.
I have yet to see the Queen Wilhemina garden with the tulips full in bloom. I guess I always miss it by a few months. But I will say that I still love this place for the sake of it existing. I enjoy the view of the old Dutch Windmill; of people from all walks of life walking around; of the tranquil trees swaying in the breeze in the surrounding area; and the fact that it's just a short walk to Ocean Beach. The Verdict: A relaxing, romantic, and beautiful place.
beautiful! the bf & i spend our valentine's here (a day early) - biking the park.  since we're from out of town, i was hoping the flowers were in bloom---they did not disappoint.  there were quite a few people around; but again, it was valentine's weekend, so that was to be expected.   the area is kept immaculate & i bet with less of a crowd one could easily spend a hour here soaking it up.  It's also located at the very end of the park.  After we found the garden/windmill we went over the park chalet & had lunch on the lawn. lovely!
I don't quite understand what all these tulips are doing here but everyone I've brought to see them has loved them. Plus, there's a big fancy windmill!
This is place is so cute to just kick it on the grass, read a book or take a nap.  Saw a couple taking their wedding pics here, the tulips really gave a vibrant back ground.
I came here when I visited San Francisco with my boyfriend. It's located at the far west end of the golden gate park, it's really beautiful but when I went, last weekend of May, there were no tulips so i was a little disappointed but it was still very beautiful. If I lived here I'd come here to relax.
This storybook garden is located just underneath the Dutch Windmill at the westernmost part of Golden Gate Park. If you live in the sunset (or if you're just enjoying Ocean Beach for the day), take your honey-bunny to the Park Chalet and then cruise over to Queen Wilhelmina's garden. Flowers are planted year round, so you're always in for a treat. There's a reason why my brother-in-law proposed here: it's gorgeous!!
It didn't disappoint!  Just like in a story book.
I have loved this place since I was a child.  It is so beautiful and peaceful.  We stop by each time we are near the park.
