Great park for kids. Turf, clean toys, enclosed space, plenty of benches swings and slides. Something for all ages. Great addition to the neighborhood.
This is a nice and clean neighborhood park that may be in the projects but serves as a great place for kids to play and keep down that obesity and diabetes! The playground set is new and clean and enclosed so it makes it easier for parents to keep their kids within safety.If you plan to have an event, you can rent it out! You can make reservations for the large field for $32. There are also softball fields and basketball courts and soccer field on artificial turf for your physical fitness needs.Overall, this is a great little park and hopefully the neighborhood works to keep it clean and maintained for all to enjoy!
Gotta say this place has been turned around. It new as of 2015. I use to go there when was a kid in the early 90's and it was awful. My niece thinks it's really fun.
This playground facilities are so cool, and suitable for all ages!Beside it is super clean and has a food area.
Good for my 7 year old but better for my 4 year old. Has an obstacle course, swings, picnic tables and a large fort structure. Has pretty green fake grass. We've been waiting for this playground to open for months. Hope it stays clean.
I'm pretty divided on this playground...Pros:- Three levels of jungle gym (toddler, little kid, big kid)- Seriously big swings with like 15-foot chains (Requesting permission to buzz the tower)- Lots of seating for parents, nearby restroomsCons:- The jungle gyms are wooden and pretty heavily weathered. No one's gonna die, but you'll probably end up with a splinter.- The sand is everywhere, so it's a little hard to run around- Overindexed on unwelcome homeless visitors
New remodeled playground! Turf, plenty of swings, slides, rocks to climb and it's all fenced in! 2 playgrounds, a big one for older kids and a smaller one for toddlers. I bring my 9month old daughter here all the time. She just crawls all over the place. Perfect park!
awesome soccer fields, packed at night. Great play ground for the kids.
There are two field sized lacrosse cages, two box sized cages, and guess what...unfortunately SOCCER PLAYERS USE THEM...absolutely disgusting that soccer leagues use lacrosse goals and not soccer goals. One star for allowing this to happen, especially when it's an organized league.
Came here to play field hockey and soccer. There's also lacrosse sometimes. It's an accessible field in a central part of the city near Geary. It's safe around it and parking is possible.
Very nice facility in excellent condition.However, the adults playing (practicing) soccer are completely inconsiderate of other games going on. We had 6 soccer balls roll on through the lacrosse game, and ended the day with a ten year old getting nailed by a hard shot and a mother of toddlers getting hit in the back of the head by a man wearing a CCCP shirt. He said it was because we were taking to long to get through the gate...again with toddlers and ten year olds. When 1,000 pounds of country boy asked for his apology, he  would not. He did move elsewhere, best choice I had seen him make.  So, field is very nice....some of the folks are meh.
Out of Pollicita, Washington High School, Franklin Field, and Silver Terrace, this is the best field. The turf is well-maintained, has bright lights on till 10:30pm Mon-Fri at least, and plenty of pickup games.Schedule: There are pickup games in the evenings at least on Wednesday, (I've heard) Thursday, and Friday. On Wednesday and Thursday, the games start around 6:45pm and go till about 8:30pm, and resume around 9pm and go to about 10:15pm. On Saturday and Sunday, you can find games as early as 9am and continuing till at least 11am. Most of the time you can just show up and play. Additionally, even if there isn't a game, the field isn't locked, so you can come and practice whenever you want.Set up: The games are usually about 8v8, on a 60m long pitch by maybe 30m (these are really ballpark estimates, but hopefully you get the idea), and usually on small on-the-ground goals. Occasionally if people feel like playing keeper, they use the larger goals though I've never played on official size here.Quality of play: Huge emphasis on moving up the pitch rather than possessing and patience, people only vaguely play positions, and while there are some good players, these games should be taken as exercise and light practice. No slide tackles allowed at the pickup games above. It's a great way to stay in shape for sure though.One minor caveat: I've heard it can be a bit unsafe. Theft has been reported in that area a number of times.
This is a new turf field (recently remodeled). Great turf, good sturdy goals, and awesome for Thursday night soccer :) Join NorCal to get playing time here. There's also sometimes open (drop-in) games as well. One of the better fields in the city. I would rank this higher than Silver Terrace, South Sunset, Franklin, and Telegraph for sure. More on par with Galileo HS, Pollicita & Crocker Amazon.
I love this field. My boys play lacrosse here and practice is never canceled for rain. The only things I don't really like are how limited the visibility is and how crowded the field is during their practice.  Kimbell is in a sketchy area where the police are constantly patrolling and there aren't very many areas I feel comfortable sitting and watching their practice.  I don't really feel comfortable leaving my 9 year olds I babysit alone at the field either. I'm just happy it's getting dark later and their practice ends before sunset now. Overall the field is very nice and clean and a great place to play sports. (There's a bathroom too!  And it looks like they clean it!)
Despite it being a convenient place to park, many hidden areas to mask one's "rutting" and a decent park to walk around.....I HATE this park......let me count the ways....all 666 of them. But I will try to limit myself to 3 personal experiences.1. I'm not much a morning person, so you can imagine my chagrin when I found out that I had to get up and move my car to allow the street cleaner their right of way and my right to be parking ticket free. SF, please enjoy the thousand that I have donated to your benefit....ya greedy bastard!!!2. I walk to my car late at night to go to work. I'm driving....and oh my, that's odd...there's a gust of wind. Did I accidentally roll down my rear passenger window? No, but there's glass everywhere.....yay, glass...everywhere...tons shattered glass.....and a window tinted punctured gaping hole where the passenger window used to be.3. I walk to my car late at night to go to work. (sound familiar) I'm driving....and oh my, that's odd...there's a gust of wind. Did I accidentally roll down my rear passenger window? (this should sound familiar) No, but there's glass everywhere......not as much as the first time....but this time instead there was a baseball sized hole staring back at me. So alas I bid farewell to your abuse and neglect. Hope someone burns you down!!!=P
I wish we had access to such nice fields when I was growing up in SF. Kimball is also waaay better than Telegraph Field, which feels like playing on torn-up concrete. Hopefully they will continue to install these beautiful turf fields all over the city. Perhaps somewhere in GG Park!?!
love it! i play soccer every thursday aside of occasional fights its great turf
