One of the best views (and my personal favorite) of the San Francisco Bay! Rincon Park plays host to Cupid's Span, the large bow and arrow sculpture along the Embarcadero. (FACT: Installed in 2002, Cupid's Span was inspired by San Francisco's reputation as the home port of Eros!) Whether you walk, stroll, run or cycle through the park, this is a must-see while in the city.View from one side: instagram.com/p/bSYAPUFi…
As a dog walker, I get to spend most of my time outside in parks all over the city with many many wonderful dogs. It's definitely a treat to spend a couple days a week by the water and the Bay Bridge, fresh air. AHEM however, coming from a dog lady's point of view, it would be AWESOME if the parks and recreation department wouldn't maintain the grass in Rincon Park and along the Embarcadero with a fish based compost. That's the rumor anyway.
Besides Cupid's Span, there's not much going on.  I like that it has a grassy knoll--no, not that grassy knoll.  But Warren G. Harding did die not too far from here, so maybe there's something to that. . . .
TL;DR: Water front walkway with sporadic art.  In between shopping and restuarants.This is another part of my daily walks around my work neighborhood. I recently expanded my path to come up south of the park and through it on the way to Pier 14 & the ferry building.There's some decent foliage around here, a nice little green oasis in the city.  Actually saw it being tended today, by what appeared to be a volunteer, which was even cooler.There's an open grass space and plenty of room to move about, often and frequently see work-out groups down here either on the grass or on the numerous walkways around here.There's the giant bow and arrow in one of the lawns too, which doesn't make any sense and doesn't really need to.Awesome views of the bay, the bridge, and oakland, etc. Worth the walk by, but not really a destination spot.
Good little spot on the Embarcadero.  With a great view of the bay bridge and AT&T park down the street, life gets no better. Good good place to have lunch or take the kiddos.
Great park to eat lunch at! I'll walk down all the way from 2nd and Howard to eat here. The view is amazing! If you sit near the north end, you'll most likely hear the never-stop-sneezing bum. He'll also grunt at you as you walk by. You'll also notice there are some pretty dumb/clueless dog owners that bring their pets here. Not everyone, but some.
Dogs love this park! They can run around off-leash. Excellent view of the Bay Bridge and Treasure Island. I used to take my dog here for a walk and play time all the time. It's a good place for dogs (and owners) to socialize. My dog would be so tired by the end of the day after visiting this park because he loves to chase other dogs around like a police dog!
I like this park because i'm a Jersey girl. Need me to explain??Bow and arrow makes me think of Bon jovi 'shot through the heart and you're to blame, you give love a bad name' seesmall patch of grass on the water, usually breezy.  view of the bay bridge is nice (if you're into that sort of thing) right by the ferry bulding.i like it
One of my old managers used to have his sailboat at the berth nearby. We'd eat over at Java House and then set onto the water. There's this huge bow and arrow nearby called Cupid's Span which is supposedly symbolizes where Tony Bennett left his heart. I'm not a huge fan of the piece but the park where it's located is definitely a nice place to kick back after you've had your hearty breakfast and watch the children and dogs play.
