I love the rose garden so much.  It's a piece of heaven in the park.  It inspires poetry.  How this could get anything less than 5 stars is beyond me.  It's FREE!! For a free garden, it's magical.I do wish ALL the roses had tags identifying what the name of the rose is though.  It seems 60 to 70% of the bushes are tagged. Invariably, it's the ones without tags I want to the names!Thank you for not picking the flowers.
I have visited Golden Gate Park plenty of times, but never noticed this beautiful rose garden before. The garden has a wide variety of award winning roses. The flower color hues range from white to deep red. Some of the roses have a strong fragrant scent that puts you in a tranquil state. The garden is about 2-3 acres long and the best part of all is it's free. Yes, that's right, unlike the botanical garden there is no entry fee so spend as long as you like there and save your cash for your next adventure.
I like rose water.  Rose ice cream.  Rose tea.  Rose scones.  Rose flavored candy.  Rose oil.  And roses.And it wasn't always this way.  I hated those talc Rose scented bath cubes growing up as a child.  My super old Catholic aunt kept them around the house, especially in the bathroom, and I always found them to be tacky and too strong with perfume.  Oh Jeebus, it ruined me.But as I got older, I developed a new love and appreciation for roses.  And Rose scents.  And Rose flavors.  I don't know about bath cubes, but I'm cool with everything else.And this rose garden is no different.  It isn't over the top or super spectacular, but it is a nice, well kept garden in the park filled with singing birds, rose admirers and old men who paint pictures on canvases.I can dig it.
The Golden Gate Park Rose Garden is nice, it's nothing super spectacular as a major point of interest, but it's nice to stroll on by to and through as part of your GGP excursion.The park as a whole is a nice experience to visit.Parking of course is always not so easy in GGP, but you can park outside on the Richmond District side and walk in easily.
I really liked walking around this park. Right now there isn't many roses to look at but its still a nice area to sit around. There's this homeless guy chugging a full bottle of whiskey. He's so drunk he doesn't ask for money, even if you say hi he just utters something incomprehensible. Worth saying hi to if you plan on visiting this place.
I came here the 2nd weekend of August.And it was wonderful, lots of beautiful roses in bloom, and the garden has a very nice layout. The place is very well kept, and very organized. It looks as though every rose bush was dead headed regularly, and dead leafs, and petals picked up. There wasn't a dead leaf, or spoiled petal to be found. This place was sparkling, and squeaky clean like Disneyland! And the smell was off the charts. There's something to be said about stopping to smell the roses. Its like a delicacy for your nose! I love how each rose have a different color, petal count, and shape i.e. climbing, bush, tree, or wild. But what I really enjoy is the difference in fragrance! This rose garden really made my day. You should give it a try, it is a really great spot!!
This place is just plain magical when all the various roses are in bloom.The intoxicating scent of all the roses is unbelievable.Yes it is much smaller than Butchart Gardens in British Columbia....but try and get some killer pho, al pastor, or nigiri in BC.On a Sunny beautiful mild San Fran day. Stop by, sit on one of the benches by yourself, with a loved one, or friend and just take in the simple and honest beauty of what this city has to offer all of us.....
Nice place to to sit down and have a picnic. Girlfriend said the roses smell good.Nice view.
Such a pretty view in the summer. We accidentally stumbled through the rose garden looking for the tea  garden and I'm glad we did. Just walking past it, you can smell all of the roses. We saw a group of people having a picnic and another person painting in the garden. It was a very relaxed atmosphere.
Simple, breathtaking beauty.  That pretty much sums up this place.  It's an escape from the bustling city.  Sit and enjoy the sight of the blooming flowers or walk around and smell each one.  It can get a little crowded with tourists sometimes, but it's still a relaxing place to just sit and enjoy the view.
Ooh, roses!  Across John F. Kennedy drive from the de Young Museum is an acre of roses.  Planted in regular rows, carefully labeled, hundreds of varieties wait in the sunshine for your inspection.  Strategically placed benches in the garden give you a place to sit and ponder the beauty of life itself.  Some of the roses are plain, some very pretty.  Some are named after famous people.  Some have no scent at all, and some will send you to perfume heaven.  At the north end of the garden you may be surprised to find cars whizzing by, as they speed up to get to the stop light.  I never understood that, but what I do understand is that most of those hurried drivers are never aware of the pocket of serenity just a few feet from their passenger-side doors.
Ahhhh roses...LOVE :)So many different type of roses & smells soooo sweet!Definitely fits the term "wake up & smell the roses, sweetheart!"
You are spending a wonderful sunny day exploring the Rose Garden.  Your eyes gaze in amazement at the magical roses in bloom and are intoxicated by their scent.  You feel love is in the air while meandering through the park where our eyes met across a seemingly endless crowd.  Our eyes locked, yours blue and at that moment, time suddenly stood still and a new universe suddenly burst into existence, one that's raging with passion.  Your heart starts to beat faster and you can feel yourself bursting with thunderous emotions that you can hardly contain yourself from the look I gave you.   Our gaze become stronger while you think of endless possibilities as I approach you with a smile and ask...Yo!  Can I have dollar?
Whoa, how have I not written a review of the Rose Garden in Golden Gate Park? I love this place!Let me tell you where the BEST smelling rose is located. If you stand next to the big, main center circle head towards the bench located directly opposite of the main sidewalk (I guess it would technically be the West bench). Behind that bench is a C-shaped flower bed. Go to the leftmost end of that bed, there are large, pink and un-labelled roses. Smell them and enjoy. You're welcome!
Roses! More roses! Pink, orange, red, purple, blue, white, yellow...roses everywhere! I love this place. It's my happy place and when the roses aren't hibernating they are beautiful and smell delicious and provide amateur photographers many hours of satisfied photo-taking opportunities. I'm lucky enough to live a few blocks away and get to come here every weekend to mosey through the expertly groomed sweet roses saying ooh aah and oh look at that one and you gotta smell this...
Props to the person/people who maintain this marvel.The central circular garden and the beds in front of the sign on JFK are looking marvelous.  The landscape architectural touches there are a nice break from the rest of the neatly laid-out beds or roses.My favorites are species which are not hybridized so much they lose their scent.
Next time you're in Golden Gate Park, take some time to stop and smell the roses!The garden is gi-normous! I've been here when all the rose bushes are in bloom, and you can literally spend hours just taking in all the different varietals.Plus, for anyone looking to have fun with the macro function on their digital camera, this place will make a pro photographer out of you! So many beautiful photos to be had.And to top it all off, it's free! There are other plant-centric activities in the park that charge admission, but the Rose Garden is a real steal.
Roses are one of my favorite flower ,so of coarse I'm gonna like the rose garden. Wrong. I LOVE IT! It totally reminds me of Alice in Wonderland .... "we're painting the roses red." -he he. I made my family wait for me while I took a million pictures. I probably go back by myself and take a million more!
What a beautiful spot!  As we strolled amongst the rows of lovely flowers, my boyfriend remarked, "it smells a lot like old ladies out here." Although... that didn't deter him from burying his nose in every other rosebush we passed.  Hmmm, I thought.  Hmmm.Anyway, there are roses of just about every variety and color.  I'd give you more information, but what the hell do I know about roses?It was pretty empty, although I had to shake my head in disbelief when I saw the clump of shirtless gay guys lounging in the middle of the garden.  I was tempted to make them a little sign that said "attention whore variety" in Latin.
Roses To Inspire Your HeartLovely hidden garden you need to go out of your way to experience.  A free attraction in Golden Gate Park, a walk around this garden hand-in-hand with a date could make you fall in love.  On my stroll I admired the many varieties of roses and played with the petals adorning the lawn as happens this time of year.  A ladybug landed on my face and took a leisurely stroll all along my glasses, so I guess even the bugs can be romantic here.
I feel like Alice in Wonderland every time I come here. Minus the whole, Queen, chopping off the head, thing. Anyway. Roses the size of my head! In all different colors! Everywhere!Truly magical. Great place to rest during a walk or have a picnic on the bench. I always love seeing the gardeners out here working their magic. I hope they know how important they are!
This is a lovely little garden that I've been coming to since I was little. If we didn't actually stop, we'd make sure to drive by every week or two, so my mom could see when it was time to prune her roses. Now I enjoy it for the calmness that can be found here, even if it's busy everywhere else in the park. It is kept very clean, the roses are well maintained, and there are a number of places to sit down and just admire all of the lovely roses. There's nothing the gardeners can do about this, but I do wish roses more roses were bred for scent as well as physical attributes; so many of the roses are beautiful but don't smell like anything at all.
This place is beautiful for a wedding.... when they dont turn on the sprinklers! I have NO idea what happened, but ten minutes before my wedding is set to go, and the sprinklers go off! Good thing we were running 30 min behind schedule. We were able to set up in the shaded secluded circle near the bathrooms instead.This area is very pretty and the price is decent ($200 for the resv and $25 to $60 per add hour minimum two hours... something like that... I cant remember, plus a $500 deposit)The only issue was SOFT ground = sinking heels. Youd need some kind of stiff canvas for the bridal walkway or just wear wedges. Plenty of shade and naturally beautiful backdrops including the redwoods next door and the deyoung/nat museum garden area accross the street.if i did it again, Id call the park to make sure NO SPRINKLERS and set up something to walk on.One more thing: mosquitos, spray the bride,groom & officiant. You'll be glad when they dont follow you down the aisle and hover in your face as you say your vows & try to swat them away... not so romantic if you ask me
I am not going to lie, I have stole roses before. It was just so damn beautiful I had no choice.
Great little place to visit on your way through the park!
Strolling through the rose garden today I thought to myself, wow, how nice that in a city where some of the residents aren't exactly the most respectful of property (spray painting on Muni, cigarettes tossed on the ground, graffiti in the Mission, etc.) a public garden can thrive.It's a small slice of San Francisco's most famous park, but one you shouldn't miss taking your own stroll through.
This is definitely a place to visit when roses are in bloom.  It's a lovely spot no matter what, but it's bare bones during winter.  This place is lovely...there are roses from the common to ones I have never seen before.  beautiful - just beautiful.  I don't see how anyone could be grumpy in this rose garden...bring someone here to cheer them up...it smells a dream!
This is a beautiful spot at Golden Gate Park that I always try to visit. It's free and there are all different kinds of roses there. There are many different colors of roses; they even have purple ones, which are my favorite. : ) It's a great spot to take photos or to just sit down on a bench and admire the beautiful blooms.I was disappointed to see people picking the roses there, though. I saw several adults and children with their parents tear roses off of some of the bushes. Ummm... you're really not supposed to do that. Unless I'm mistaken, I don't think you're allowed to pick flowers from public gardens or parks. It kind of ruins things for other guests at the park who are there to enjoy the flowers. If everyone picked all the prettiest roses, what would be left for other guests to see? Besides, the picked roses would probably be dead by the time you got home, so why not take a picture instead? I was just a little surprised by the rudeness of some people there.Other than that, it's a great little garden to stop at and visit in the City.
surreal.i went here with SO and after seeing a bunch of roses, we were searching for the big TA DA. is there a sign we missed along the way? is there a structure we should be looking for? should we follow the biggest crowd to get to the rose garden?and then we figured out that the wilted patches we passed by earlier were IT. the big ta da.it was so sad. especially in comparison to pacific nw flower gardens.SO: meh, roses are overrated, anyways. *arm around my waist*me: *mopey* i know, but i wanted to see something beautiful.SO: if we keep walking this direction, i think there's a snack shop.me: *perked* ooh! do they have hot dogs??SO: i think so...me: *thoughfully* hot dogs can be beautiful sometimes.SO: riiiight...
Eh.. nothing too special. Roses are nice.. but not THAT nice. I do see some with unique colors here though, and freakishly large in size. My favorite would be the lavender one =) It would be OH SO PERFECT if they had these colors but w/ the roses they sold at stores (firmer petals and green steams instead of brown branches).
Went to this rose garden, but it looks pretty sad. The roses are wilted. But, I agree that there are many collection of roses and they have cute and attractive names. Maybe, I came in a wrong time of the year that I just can't seem to see why people would give this place 5 stars. It's really nothing compares to the Portland's Rose Test Garden.
roses are so pretty here and some of them actually smells good! i went jogging with my boyfriend and we ended up here so we decided to check it out. it's free and anyone can come here even dogs (i believe.) theres a lot of roses, different colors, shapes, and sizes. some of the roses, i usually see in stores, i don't see it here. they have some unique colors.
