Dog owners beware. The new staff of gardeners are have come down hard on access so now you can only walk on the paved path with your dog on a leash. Even the small park across the street that hosts the rest rooms is now off limits to dogs.Evidently the tony private schools who use the park for after school soccer have complained and are behind the new rules, according to the gardeners I spoke with.I have found also that adult softball teams act with the same level of entitlement, starting with their warm ups, despite whomever may still be on the field. My experience is the adult teams offer the additional charm of leaving trash behind with a general disregard for the neighborhood.On the plus side, the local public school sports teams are considerate and respectful of the park (and really fun to watch!)Tennis courts appear busy at all hours, as does the basketball courts. The separately fenced in kid's playground is clean and beautiful. So while this is a wonderful park watch out for arrogant users.
Well kept inner Richmond park and playground.A little for everyone.  Couple baseball diamonds, two tennis courts basketball hoops , soccer area and plenty of trees...and a indoor pool. Across them little street on their south side is a dog area and then restroomsPlenty of room to play but small enough to see the basic premiter.
1 isolated tennis court2 connected tennis courts1 volleyball net1 basketball court2 baseball diamonds Lots of grass to play catch or frisbee while waiting for a courtPlenty of street parking
Chill place to spend a weekend day playing tennis, basketball or other sports in their open grass. Lots of kids running around on the playground. Fair warning: all adults on the playground must be accompanied by a child. Makes sense right?
Great park with a nice big open space for sports, running dogs, etc.Well maintained.Also, the playground area and the pool are pretty cool to have in the area.
Great park located in the Inner Richmond. There are two tennis courts, one basketball court, and two baseball fields. It's also a great place to bring your dog for a walk. Most people let their dog unleashed here without any problems. It can get busy during weekdays with kids from the nearby schools.
