The Balclutha program is unbeatable!  Where else can you teach your kids history, give them the satisfaction of a hard day's work, teach them discipline, build their confidence, and give yourself the confidence that you can sit back and watch without interfering?  This program involves spending the night on the ship with your kids acting as the crew while 5 well-trained actors perform the duties of the various ship's officers. The kids break up into groups and do EVERYTHING including cook, rig, row boats, scrub the deck, and even take turns doing the night watch!  The staff is deeply knowledgeable of maritime ways and history. They play their parts to a believable perfection. And while some officers are nice and helpful, others are stern taskmasters. Don't worry: nobody gets their bodies or feelings hurt. But they come away with an understanding of the past, an appreciation of how easy their lives are, and a new belief in themselves. 'Nuff said!
The mighty BALCLUTHA!The crown jewel of the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. If you are visiting the Park, you must see this ship!From the Website:Stand on the stern of Balclutha, face west to feel the fresh wind blowing in from the Pacific Ocean. Located in the Fisherman's Wharf neighborhood, San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park offers the sights, sounds, smells and stories of Pacific Coast maritime history.Balclutha is a three-masted, steel-hulled, square-rigged ship built to carry a variety of cargo all over the world.Launched in 1886 by the Charles Connell and Company shipyard near Glasgow, Scotland, the ship carried goods around Cape Horn (tip of South America) 17 times.It took a crew of about 26 men to handle the ship at sea with her complex rigging and 25 sails.AWARD WINNING EXHIBITS:The Cargo is King! multimedia exhibit, located on the 'tweendeck of the 1886 square-rigger Balclutha, was awarded first place in the 2009 National Association for Interpretation (NAI) Media Competition. Please visit Balclutha soon and descend below deck to enter this lantern-lit, immersive environment. Discover the important cargoes Balclutha transported around the world and the stories of the people who depended on them.BALCLUTHA HISTORY:Balclutha was built in 1886 by Charles Connell and Company of Scotstoun in Glasgow, Scotland, for Robert McMillan, of Dumbarton, Scotland. Her namesake is said to be the eponymous town of Balclutha, New Zealand, but her name also refers to her first homeport, Glasgow, Scotland, which is a "City on the Clyde" - the meaning of her name derived from the Gaelic Baile Chluaidh. Designed as a general trader, Balclutha rounded Cape Horn 17 times in thirteen years.During this period she carried cargoes such as wine, case oil, and coal from Europe and the East Coast of the United States to various ports in the Pacific. These included Chile for nitrate, Australia and New Zealand for wool, Burma for rice, San Francisco for grain, and the Pacific Northwest for timber.In 1899 Balclutha transferred to the registry of Hawaii, and traded timber from the Pacific Northwest to Australia, returning to San Francisco with Australian coal.In 1902 Balclutha was chartered to the Alaska Packers' Association (APA). After having struck a reef off of Sitkinak Island near Kodiak Island on May 16, 1904, she was renamed the Star of Alaska when bought by APA for merely $500. After extended repairs she joined the salmon fishing trade, sailing north from the San Francisco area to the Chignik Bay, Alaska, in April with supplies, fishermen, and cannery workers, and returned in September with a cargo of canned salmon.For this trade she carried over 200 crew and passengers, as compared to the 26-man crew she carried as the Balclutha. In 1911 the poop deck was extended to the main mast to accommodate Italian and Scandinavian workers. This expansion is called the shelter deck. In the 'tween deck, bunks for Chinese workers were built. Her last voyage in this trade was in 1930, when she then was laid up after her return home.In 1933, Star of Alaska was renamed Pacific Queen by her new owner Frank Kissinger. In this guise she appeared in the film Mutiny on the Bounty starring Clark Gable and Charles Laughton. She then eked out an existence as an exhibition ship, gradually deteriorating, and was for a while exhibited as a "pirate ship".In 1954, Pacific Queen was acquired by the San Francisco Maritime Museum, which restored her and renamed her Balclutha and moored her at Pier 41 East. In 1985 she was designated a National Historic Landmark.In 1988,she was moved to her present (2014) mooring at Hyde Street Pier of the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. She is host to a monthly Chantey Sing in the shelter deck[6] 8pm to midnight on the first Saturday of every month.
