I have passed by here several times and have not stepped in until now. But I sure am glad I made the decision to come here.Pros:- Free admission- Friendly staff members- Clean, organized facilityVery interesting, educational and definitely a great way to learn about the history of streetcars and cable cars in San Francisco. This is definitely a lot of history in one facility on how the transportation system has evolved during the last century. Coming in here really gave me a clear picture of MUNI's beginning in 1912. Overall, positive experience here!They have posters and calendars of the streetcars and cable cars along with other souvenirs available.Donations are optional but it is always welcome. It is a great way to help preserve this precious history of San Francisco's world famous streetcars and cable cars.If you want to learn more, then here is the website: streetcar.orgThe F Market & Wharves line stops right in front!
You won't spend a ton of time in here, since it's very small, but there is plenty of old San Francisco ephemera here to read and explore. I particularly enjoyed an old ad for the Sutro baths.It's free, so if you're already visiting the piers, the ferry building, or Chinatown, you might as well make a stop here for the neatness and a possible souvenir.
If you are a railway buff, into San Francisco history, or are just killing time near the Embarcadero/Ferry Building, the Railway Museum is a nice little diversion.  Moreover, it's FREE.The museum features static displays, model railcars, and lots of paraphernalia.  Older folks will love learning about the history of the streetcars and kids will enjoy going into the front portion of a streetcar and pretending to be a driver.  The front half of the museum/room is a shop with t-shirts, posters, and trinkets.
This is a free museum and gift shop. Its pretty small and feels more like a gift shop than museum. However, you can learn some history and there's an excellent place to take pictures in what is a replica of a front of a car so one can pretend to be the conductor.
This is a one-room gift shop with placards explaining more about rail in SF. Few historic items to see. I know it's free, but there's still very little to see or do. Made a special trip here with out-of-town visitors and was disappointed.
If I wasn't looking for this place I'd totally miss it. It's at the south end of Justin Hermann Plaza where the streetcars make the bend from Market St to the Embarcadero. But it's so unassuming that even though I knew it was there it was still hard to believe it was there. It's also pretty small (smaller than my apt!) but it packs a lot of info into that space.The museum is not run by Muni. So don't expect them to deal with any ticket or policy issues. From the website - "Market Street Railway is the nonprofit preservation partner of the San Francisco Municipal Railway (Muni)".Instead, what they did was starting in the 70's they bought up old railway cars and restored them, donating them to Muni to run on the streets of SF. Pretty cool, huh? You can learn all about the history of streetcars in SF and how they started to phase them out (similar sad story to the cable cars). Like those who complain about the Geary Express bus should know that the neighborhoods vetoed the original plan to run an underground line (take that NIMBYs!). And you can learn all about the current fleet of restored historic streetcars.They have some cool gifts too for those who are into it. I got a fridge magnet in the shape of one of the streetcars.I'd give the place half an hour at least to go through everything.
It's a free museum in San Francisco!  If you like San Francisco history, this is the place for you.  You can learn about the streetcar fleet and see the restored front of a streetcar.  Plenty of pictures of old SF are on display, and there some some interactive displays too.There was lots of stuff I wanted to buy at the gift shop.  I got some slices of antique Cable Car rails.  I tried buying them online, but could only find the mounted rails.  If you go the museum in person, you can buy the unmounted rails.  They make beefy paperweights.Once your visit is over, just step outside a few feet and take a streetcar ride!
Do folks know that one of their leaders ran a ponzi scheme that ensnared both their own members, MUNI employees, and others? And MSR leadership took "the low road" on this.
This place is a great place to go if you want to learn all about the streetcars in SF. Pretty small, but it's free! Lots of information and lots of cool old pieces from way back when! The guy working that day was very friendly and actually helped us find the right cable car to get us to Grace Cathedral.
Very interesting history! We always walk past this museum, but this was the first time we ever entered. It was free and had lots of interesting pictures and displays. I am a history teacher and enjoyed how the museum was set up by time periods. It was easy to see how history influenced the transportation system of San Francisco. They also have a little area for kids to color their own rail car and a nice little gift shop with books, posters, shirts and more!
Another thing that is FREE!Didn't realize that cable cars and streetcars are different things.It's definitely worthwhile to spend a good hour here. It's small but lots to read on. It's a museum and gift shop all-in-one.
A number of reviews tipped me off in advance to the fact that this museum is, in fact, about the size of what many other museums would have as a gift shop. Its diminutive nature stands in stark contrast to the massive grandness of the Ferry Building, but it's really no less worth a stop for the visitor.You'll need only about 30 minutes to thoroughly check out the small collection, but can learn a lot about San Francisco's less-hyped transit treasure: the vintage streetcar (in addition to the overall impact of mass transit rail on the city's development).Like its larger cousin (in theme) the Cable Car Museum, this spot is accessible by the method of transit it chiefly interprets and is free of charge, though you won't find the same "living history" vibe here. Definitely ask questions of the staff in order to get the full experience and pair a stop here with a ride on the F-Line.As far as souvenir options, the shop includes some highly unique items (especially for the transit enthusiast) including posters of the cars, vintage-themed items and pieces of the original San Francisco Cable Car rail.
Excellent place to visit for Muni enthusiasts. The salesperson/curator was very helpful as I asked about a specific item and he was able to help me look for it. This venue is well worth the visit if you are in San Francisco. They have some great items for purchase. The posters/prints are a good choice. After your visit take a ride on the streetcar.
This is a small museum run by three full time staff members.  They are clearly so passionate about what they do, and it is amazing to see what they have accomplished when you look at the restored street cars running down Market Street!  There is great information in this museum on the rise and fall of the street car in San Francisco, and while we were there the staff member working was more than happy to show us around and give us even more information about all of the exhibits.  There is even a movie from 100 years ago taken from a street car that shows the chaos that ensued on the streets with all the different lines at the time.  The museum itself is free, but if you do pick up a souvenir from their shop, it benefits the non-profit organization that is restoring these great street cars.  The holidays are coming up - maybe you need a cool San Francisco streetcar stocking stuffer?
I am always looking for great free activities in San Francisco. This tops the list. Its a small, one room display with all kinds of information about the trolley and cable cars around San Francisco. My favorite part was the mock front of a trolley where you could  "drive" the trolley and ring the bell. They also have informative signs, model trains, and videos. It doesn't take long to see, but its worth the stop!
This museum is inherently interesting and only takes a few moments to enjoy it all. If you're interested in transit and rail history as I am, that's irresistible. I will note that I've been in here twice and on both occasions the clerks were, how shall we say, surly when questioned? No idea what that's about, but I still love the Railway Museum.
Small, cute, and free. I'm always up for FREE. Some cool old pictures, lots of knick-knacks and souvenirs. Nice place if you're into trains, streetcars, etc. (e.g. my 4 year old cousin). Not sure if I'll be back by myself, but wouldn't be a bad place to take some out of town guests.
Do you remember this classic Saturday Night Live skit from (gasp) 1976? ...http://www.jibjab.com/view/101069Gilda Radner as the Wife: "New Shimmer is a floor wax!" Dan Ackroyd as the Husband: "No, New Shimmer is a dessert topping!"Wife: "It's a floor wax!" Husband: "It's a dessert topping!" Wife: "It's a floor wax, I'm telling you!" Husband: "It's a dessert topping, you cow!" Chevy Chase comes in..."Hey, hey, calm down, you two. New Shimmer is both a floor wax and a dessert topping!"Flash forward 32 years later...Jamie W. and I enter this place. Here is a dramatic re-enactment of our reaction. No animals were harmed in the production of this scene...Ed: "It's a museum!"Jamie: "No, it's a gift shop!"Ed: "Dammit, it's a museum, you Kentucky moron!"Jamie: "I'm telling you it's a gift shop, you Asian cream puff!"...Guy at the register chimes in...."Chill, you guys...it's a museum and a gift shop!"I actually did ask the guy at the register to tell me where the museum was. He told me I was standing in it. Oh. Lots of F-Line memorabilia. Magnets (I got a few of those). T-shirts. Sweatshirts. Tumblers. Vintage posters (I like those...and Jamie has them in his office). Framed vintage photos. Oh, there's a sign with some historical facts on it. And you can ring the bell in the faux-streetcar in the back. I thought the museum was behind the double doors. It's an understandable mistake. It could happen to anyone ...right?...RIGHT?
I simply loved the clerk that was working the day I went.  He filled me with so much helpful and knowledgeable information about San Francisco's history and Railroad system.  I was thinking it was gonna be as big as an actual Museum, But it's more like the size of a gift shop. Great location, easy to get to. An outstanding 5 star experience.
Off to an interview today I arrived about twenty minutes early and with nothing better to do, strolled into the Rail museum hoping to kill a few minutes with some wonderment and awe.Fun stuff: The railway car in the back of the storeThe patches and pins sold in the frontMemorabilia from the early days of public transportMissed points for me:No charms. (I would think a place like this would at least have one cablecar charm... nope)No pressed penny stationNo conductor hats soldNo shot glassesNo magnets with destination signs on themGenerally this place tries too hard to be both a museum and a gift shop and does both poorly. It's about one step up from the first floor of the Flood building museum wise, and misses "gift shop," by a mile. It's sad too, because there's so much I'd love to see them sell and so much I was excited to learn about. Hopefully they'll add a few things and expand down the line.
"Come on ride the train it's the choo choo train.Come on ride the train it's the choo choo. Ride it, woo woo.Come on, ride the train, it's the choo choo train."I've walked by the San Francisco Railway Museum and Gift Shop so many times without ever noticing that it existed. Thanks to my visiting friend and his sharp tourist eyes, we spotted this tiny attraction and thought why not go in?More of a gift store in my opinion, the San Francisco Railway Museum and Gift Shop is a cute little break. It's low investment on your end in terms of time and money. It's free and it shouldn't take you more than 15 minutes or so to cover all the "exhibits" but it's good quirky fun and you will learn quite abit about the history of public transportation in SF. If you have extra time in the neighborhood, hop on in for a quick spin. "Clang ,clang, clang went the trolley;Ding, ding, ding went the bell."
I've walked by the Ferry Building a lot and only Sat 2/27/10 did I notice a sign for the FREE SF Railway Museum.  It's at the Steuart St F-line stop, kitty-corner from the Ferry Bldg 1.5 blocks from the Calif St cable car terminal.It's a small museum & gift shop where you can read & see pics of every streetcar & cable car and read some history about them.  Some books, postcards, magnets with SF cable car & streetcar on them.Time spent there: 15 min.Closed MondaysTues-Sun 10am-6pmTours & private parties welcome.  Ph. 415-974-1948.Website:streetcar.org
I only found out about this little museum when I saw a little flyer about it on one of the F line street cars.  Despite its proximity to the Ferry Building, it's easy to miss, being tucked away in a corner.Admission is free and inside, there's an interesting history of the various transportation systems in San Francisco, depicted in photos, posters, a timeline and some interactive exhibits. Kids, big and small, will be entertained by a full working mock up of a tram driver's cabin.There's a comprehensive gift shop with some unique gift items.Well worth a browse and not off the beaten track at all!
I've lived in San Francisco for 4 years, but have never rode on one of San Francisco's historic streetcars. I've rode on plenty of cable cars, but never the cute streetcar that runs the length of Market Street. So last Saturday, John and I headed out on a mission to ride the streetcar and it was fabulous. We hopped on the F line car at Van Ness and Market. We didn't take the first one because it was packed with tourists and I wanted my ride to be perfect. So we waited a few more minutes for a nice empty street car with only two passengers, one of which was a total Asian cougar with yellow thigh-high patent leather boots. I knew we picked the right car for my first time when I saw her. The streetcar ride is a completely different experience than the cable car. It's not as loud and much more comfortable. The inside of the cars have the "history of streetcars" plastered on the inside which makes the ride not only entertaining but educational. Plus once you hop on, you feel like you've been magically transported back to the turn of the century.We took the car all the way to the end at the Embarcadero and magically at that same spot is the San Francisco Railway Museum. The museum serves as a visitor center that tells the history of streetcars and cable cars and how they are used today in San Francisco. The museum is small but very entertaining. We spent about a half-hour looking at all the historic pictures, watching a historic film of a streetcar on Market street days before the big 1906 earthquake, and playing conductor on the full-size replica streetcar. We also managed to buy a streetcar magnet. A new treasure. Next time you are looking for something random to do in the city or want to learn a bit of history stop by the San Francisco Railway Museum on Steuart across from the Ferry Building. It's best to pretend you are a tourist so that the docent will give you his entertaining spiel on the history of the streetcar.
I didn't know this place even existed until one day I was walking back from Boulevard towards Market Street. It's a perfect little place for anyone visiting SF to learn a little bit about the city history and pick up a little souvenir. It's also great for those of us who live here. And it's free!
A little gem of a place. The clerk was very helpful and even reminded me that the N Judah streetcar would get me to where I wanted to go next better than the 71 bus. My only complaint is that I wish it was bigger.
The Museum is small but jam packed full of flat screen multimedia presentations of the history of the "streetcars" of San Francisco. There is even a display where you can find out which of the historic & foreign cars are running. There is a new iPhone app that gives you the GPS coordinates of which cars are on the tracks. I am still trying to ride in the open air streetcar from Australia.The staff was very friendly and helpful. I was able to ask questions about some of the displays and items for sale. I had to buy some memorabilia.  There are t-shirts, hats, pins, posters and books to name a few things.I just wish that there was a bigger space with a variety of cars to sit and climb on.
This visit has been long awaited ever since I saw the brochure on the F Market streetcars from a year or two ago. It's a one-room museum so do not come to expect a grandeur tour of realisitic/replicas of the historic fleet. Admission is free but donations are gladly welcome to support the Market Street Railway cause! I would totally donate if I was a successful college grad, which I am not...yet. There are copies of the 2010 newsletters for sale at the back in bundles for $10-12. I wanted to take a look at the content but they are sealed.  There are interactive touchscreen Apple cinema displays that will let you read about individual streetcars that are active in the fleet. Some souvenirs are sold on the tables and walls. The valuable items are the posters. Two small posters caught my eye, one being a "blueprint"-style of the made-in-San Francisco streetcars from several decades back. Bring hand sanitizer if you wish to touch the steering controls of a streetcar operator at the back wall of the museum. The one museum employee/volunteer/ambassador (I'm not sure of the title) that was staffed there was super welcoming and didn't hesitate to show me how to learn more about the historic fleet. He was on the phone a lot though, hopefully securing more funds for the MSR.
I love this City, but still have much to learn about it. Sometimes I feel like tourists know more about SF than I do. But when someone visits from out of town, I get to be a tourist, too. That's how I ended up here.The place is small, but I kinda like that. You can just stop in, you know. You don't have to dedicate a whole day to it like other attractions in the City. Reading about the railway history and looking at all of the memorabilia reinforces my love of SF. I look forward to bringing more out of towners (and locals) here.
The museum is focused on promoting the restored rail trolley cars that run in San Francisco. Ultimately, this is more gift shop than museum. Like a gift shop, admittance is free. It's also tiny so it takes a mere 5 minutes to visit.
This little gem is hiding in plain sight right at the turn of the trolley onto Embarcadero. I was looking for black and white photos of San Francisco forever! And voila! I found them here.I am such a nerd. And proud of it!More than a hundred years of history is represented here, starting from the cable car and going all the way through the 19th century street car history. Many of the vintage cars were acquired from other U.S. and international sister-cities. My favorites are the Peter Witt trams of Milan, Zurich Tram, and San Francisco's own 1912-built Car No. 1.So much history! The gift shop is full of San Francisco memorabilia: books, maps, T-shirts, post cards, buttons, etc. I could not restrain myself from buying an adorable set of black-and-white postcards, a pin, and a nerdy book with hand-drawn maps.The mock-up tram driver cabin is a charm. All the controls, horns, even the bell, are real and - unlike in other museums - you can touch all of them!Please, donate for the history in re-making and restoration!
My lovely wife and I took the F line here once again. Still a great but small museum for train and history buffs like myself.
I purchased a "contributor" membership from the Market Street Railway as a birthday present and went to the museum last Friday to take advantage of the 15% discount at the gift shop.  The prints are cute enough to frame and cable car night light helps me sleep at night - I'm planning on buying the MSR pins to place on my coat.  John (the store manager) was so enthusiastic on informing us about the history of the street cars and the products - he made our visit such a memorable experience.  I can't wait to visit again!  The Market Street Railway is such a great cause - I am eagerly waiting to ride the new E line.
After visiting the New York Transit Museum this summer, this is EXACTLY what I have been waiting for SF to have! Well, granted, the NYTM is crazy huge, since it was a former subway station, but MSR is a cute little museum/giftshop right near the Ferry Building and sells the best looking and tasteful souvenirs that's distinctively SF. This place is literally just a room, but the exhibit and artifacts are all well presented, and whoever they got to do the graphic design for this place did a great job. Great place to read about some of the history of the trolleys and rails we see everyday and take for granted. The guy that works there is mighty friendly and answers anyone's question about getting around the city if you are visiting and busing around. This group is all volunteer based so I hope this museum will last and expand, so they can showcase some retired fleets!P.S. They are opened from Wednesday-Sunday 10a-6p
As a San Francisco native, I love learning about the city's rich history. The Market Street Railway Museum not only has exhibits pertaining to the rail history of San Francisco, but to the city itself. The old photos of the city pre- and post-1906 earthquake are very cool and the replica posters and cards are of good quality. I am definitely planning on framing a few. I also really liked the t-shirts with old street car signage. My parents, both raised in the city, loved seeing signs for the streetcars they took as kids and my dad proudly wears his "Playland at Beach Cliff, Seal Rocks" shirt. But what's most cool about the museum/gift shop is that the funds raised will help preserve these historic street cars for generations to come, meaning my children will get to see what cars their grandparents rode as kids as well as other vintage street cars from around the world. It's one thing to check out exhibits in a museum, it's entirely another to experience them first hand. The Market Street Railway and its museum provide people with this opportunity. Using the museum as a tool to educate and share the city's rich cultural history, but also as a way to continue restoring the historic cars that run along the F Line and Wharves, the Market Street Railway allows people of all ages, from around the globe to take a ride on a piece of history.
I'm a big nerd about local history. I get into fights at parties about urban planning and mass transit, and I love walking and rail-ing it whenever I can. I do still love my car and driving -- out of town.So, I've been wanting to come here for a long time.Market Street Railway, a nonprofit named for the organization that used to operate the historic SF streetcars, runs this free admission museum/gift shop and they've done a hell of a job. It's a small, modest showcase of artifacts, books and narrated, pre-1906 earthquake footage of rail-heavy Market Street. The photo-heavy poster boards and timeline lay out the heyday of rail (1930s) all the way to its demise and resurgence, still in progress.As much as I complain about the F line (slow, pokey, crowded F, bless its heart), I do appreciate how it gets tourists and commuters around town. I appreciate Market Street Railway's support of the E Embarcadero, an ambitious rail project that would connect Mission Bay to Crissy Field. I learned how Third Street (home of the T-Third light rail) used to be Kentucky Street - a name that makes a lot of sense considering how the street grid is now really weird thereabouts. I learned how the 38-Geary bus replaced a lengthy rail line - funny, considering a recent push to get rapid bus service, instead of the 38 and cars, on the slow-going east-west thoroughfare.So, I put a few bucks in the donation bin and I think you should, too.
The street car museum is a must see for any train enthusiast or lover of mass transit.  The museum is run by the same organization that restores and maintains the vintage street cars on the F-line so it provides great information on the history of street cars in the city (and the country in general). There is an array of train themed souvenirs and a life-sized mock-up of a street car. I would highly recommend it to any tourist traveling to the San Francisco area.
Big disappointment. If you are trying to squeeze as many things into your San Francisco trip as possible leave this stop out. It is really not a museum. It is more of a gift shop. The one good thing about making purchases here is the proceeds go to helping maintain the restoration of the street cars. I was hoping for a museum like the Cable Car Museum or the Wells Fargo Museum, both well worth it.
OK, so for my fellow dorks who absolutely love history and the living history that is San Francisco's F line, do yourselves a favor and visit the San Francisco Railway Museum and Gift Shop.  It's located near the beginning of Market Street.They've got all kinds of cool old memorabilia, including T-shirts with prints of the signs they used to put on the streetcars.  Those signs were strange but very to the point, unlike many signs today.And there's a neat interactive computer-screen thing at which you can check out every train in the F line's fleet.
I walked in here on a lark and left absolutely thrilled. Such a cool place for SF-related history and gifts! I really enjoyed the history of the SF railcar system and the interactive displays were really cool. But I'll admit that despite not being much of a shopper, that the merchandise is what turned me on. Pint glasses and shirts made from authentic signage of old SF caught my eye, and the gf purchased a great set of cards called City Walks - 50 durable laminated cards with a map of a walk on one side and the difficulty, rationale and history tidbits on the other. Super cute! I also liked a set of "What happened here?" cards with local knowledge. The only one I could name without looking - they are a little obscure - was 710 Ashbury, home of the Grateful Dead. There were also beautiful prints and posters. Anyway, if you want to bring home a little gift emblematic of the city and your recipient already has an Alcatraz Swim Team shirt, this is a place to get cool, unique items that are truly reflective of the city's past. Well worth it just for the knowledge as well, though, and it only takes about 15 minutes to cover the whole room.
I'm torn about this museum. I really am. Here's why:I love the Muni railway, the trolleys and particularly the old restored streetcars. So I was really looking forward to this museum. Somehow I blotted out the "and gift shop" part -- more than half of what's on display here is for-sale items such as calendars, t-shirts, pint classes and replicas. While I appreciated the collection -- a handful of old signs, lots of posters, a really awesome timeline and touchscreens that teach you about the restored streetcar fleet and the history of the railway -- I would have liked many more hands-on displays, such as the piece of motor that sits in the middle of the room. I think I will like this museum much more when they get their interactive conductor's booth exhibit working -- because I am much more of a hands-on learner, and I wanted to play with things more than I wanted to look at stuff on the walls or buy something. That said, I really like that they urge people to go out and ride the restored streetcars, which they call "museums on wheels." Each one is different and has a placard describing its history mounted inside the car. For someone who likes interactive learning, this really is the best way to get a sense of the railway's history.
This is not a museum. It's a smallish gift shop filled with items related to trains, streetcars and San Francisco a hundred years ago. We were greeted by an unhappy clerk who did not respond well to my question, "Where is the museum?" This place is not worth the effort it takes, nor the street car fare, to get there.
This museum is loaded with lots of railroad history and about sf surround baths. They sell shirts, magnets and pins. It's also a gift shop. There was so much to read and I didn't have the patience for it today but I'll swing by again.
Love the historical trams. The drivers on the F line are very friendly and helpful.
It's a wonderful little museum which illustrated the inner working of the railway system.  You can see the ropes, the gears, play with a bell, watch the worker(s) below, and learn a little about the railway. Also, it's free!  Spend 30 minutes there, it's fun, and enjoyable.
We stumbled upon this place when leaving the Amgen prologue. This is a great small museum and the contagious enthusiasm of John who works there made it just such a great experience. There is a mock streetcar driver's station where he showed my daughter how all the controls work and she really enjoyed playing there. They have a nice selection of books about streetcars and related San Francisco history. It's the kind of place that I would drop in to whenever I'm in the area. It is a work in progress too so it'll be nice to see the new changes next time I come here.streetcar.org
I stumbled in here quite by accident, having been looking at what I thought was just a window display of rail posters. It turned out to be things offered in this tiny, albeit cool tribute to the F line and more. They have lots of books, as well as posted information on the history of the street car in our fair City, as well as other local lore. Check out this cute little nod to one of unique modes of public transportation. And be sure to empty your pocket change into their donation can so they can keep the lights on.
Like many others, I was surprised at the small size of the museum-cum-gift shop.  While the the "Museums in Motion" just outside the door remain the main attraction, I can report that construction is underway to expand the SF Railway Museum with more, interactive exhibits!  As of last month, there's a sign by the cutaway of the motorman's stand in the back of the museum indicating as much.  I don't believe it had a timeline for completion, but I'm super excited.  I left with an elegant "Museums in Motion" magnet, and eagerly await the opportunity to return to see a more interactive museum that gives even greater homage to the rail transit history that is so integral to the past, present, and future of San Francisco.
