This park is excellent for relaxing and getting some nice sunshine in the grass overlooking the water and the golden gate bridge (little far but still gorgeous).Parking is tricky, the tiny parking lot right next to the water is free for 4 hours. After than you need to move. Most is street metered parking but you can try (on weekdays) to park on the slanted Larking St (free) but you also need a bit of luck. Lots of tourists and shops to rent a bycicle there so you're pretty much set. They encourage you to bike the bridge and come back on ferry. Food is plenty, ranging from seafood restaurants (many with happy hour) to In n Out a few blocks. Excellent place to visit on your first time in SF.
San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park is located in San Francisco, California along the San Francisco Bay shoreline in the Fisherman's Wharf neighborhood.Since San Francisco Maritime does not cover a large area, walking is the best way to get around. City streets are adjacent to the park but no public road goes through it. There is no parking lot, and street parking is limited. Using public transportation is an excellent way to visit, and the turnaround for one of the famous cable car lines (Hyde) is in the park.The Bathhouse building was built in 1939 as a joint project of the City of San Francisco and the New Deal Works Progress Administration (WPA), and is the focal point of the Aquatic Park Historic Landmark District. This unique structure was designed in the Streamline Moderne style, a late offshoot of the Art Deco period, and mimics the clean lines of an ocean liner.Main Resources of the Park A fleet of historic vessels are moored at Hyde Street Pier, an extension of Hyde Street. The ships are open to visitors year-round. A short, level walk to the end of the pier rewards visitors with great views of San Francisco Bay. The Visitor Center, located across the street from Hyde Street Pier, features information and award-winning exhibits. Just outside the Visitor Center is an open, grassy area overlooking Aquatic Park beach and cove with access to the water's edge. Visitors can see breathtaking views to the north of San Francisco Bay, Alcatraz Island, the Golden Gate Bridge, and Sausalito in Marin County. Two blocks away from the Visitor Center is the Maritime Museum in the Aquatic Park Bathhouse building. The Maritime Research Center, located in Fort Mason Center, is a 10-minute walk from Hyde Street Pier through Aquatic Park. Appointments are required.Stand on the stern of BALCLUTHA, face west to feel the fresh wind blowing in from the Pacific Ocean. Located in the Fisherman's Wharf neighborhood, San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park offers the sights, sounds, smells and stories of Pacific Coast maritime history.The park is all about History & Culture and you will find essential information here for exploring and discovering the park's stories of Pacific coast maritime history.San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park is located on the edge of San Francisco Bay in the Fisherman's Wharf neighborhood and can be visited year-round.Begin at the Visitor Center (Phone: 415-447-5000), located at 499 Jefferson Street (Zip Code: 94109) at the corner of Hyde Street. There, Park Rangers will help you plan your visit. From the Visitor Center, cross Jefferson Street to Hyde Street Pier and visit the park's collection of floating historic ships. Here, you can also see breathtaking views of the San Francisco Bay and Golden Gate Bridge.From Hyde Street Pier, take a short stroll across the park to see the exhibits in the Maritime Museum located in the ship-shaped Aquatic Park Bathhouse Building.There at the Park you will see:People - Biographies and stories of sailors and waterfront characters.Places - Enjoy guides to the historic Aquatic Park and the San Francisco waterfront.Stories - Tales of struggle and daring on the high seas, voyages along the byways of the waters and sloughs of San Francisco Bay and Delta, and many more await your discovery.Collections - Discover the largest National Park Service museum, archives, library and small craft collection. Here you can learn about the park's fleet of historic ships and small craft. Access information about the Maritime Research Center and the museum, archives and library collections.Ships include:1886 square-rigger Balclutha1895 schooner C. A. Thayer1890 steam ferryboat Eureka1891 scow schooner Alma1907 steam tug Hercules1914 paddlewheel tug Eppleton Hall1890 (circa) San Francisco Bay Ark1915 steam schooner Wapama
Great place to walk, bring your dog, sun bathe, etc. I've even seen a couple families swimming in the water (though I'm too pansy to stick a foot in since i get cold very easily). A lot to see, great atmosphere of local eateries. Can't complain, it completed my relaxing walk along the bay very nicely. Would definitely love to come again for any events.
We stumbled upon here while walking from Fishermans Wharf to the Powell-Hyde cable car stop. It's a National Monument so we decided to explore the pier. We came when it was close to closing on a Monday so not a lot of people around. We got to see some old ships but didn't go on any. It's a cool place for everyone and lots of history. I'm pretty sure it's free but leave a few bucks for posterity of the history. A nice view of the city and the bay too.
I absolutely love this area of San Francisco.  While I haven't actually gone to visit the museum the area directly across the street from Ghirardelli Square is just such a nice place to sit and relax whether it is on the benches or on the grass and to go further you can go to the steps and eventually to the beach.From here there is a gradual slope leading down to the water where you can see the curved pier, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge.I like this park because while you can get some good sun here it's nice and cool like the inside of a fridge at times.  You can see all along Beach street and if you're going to walk along the Wharf you can cut through the park to get to Jefferson just a beat east.This park is also where the Hyde Street cable car turns and where you can travel to Market Street turn so it's easy access too.  The last few times I've visited here and Ghirardelli I've actually found parking on the street nearby.  Overall there are some great views to be had here and it's a nice relaxing place to sit on the benches or lie down on the grass.  If you wanted to go to the water you can do that too.
Great place to walk on the pier and check out the big ships! Lots of interactive, learning activities. There are Park Rangers on hand walking about who can answer any questions. It is free to walk around and do the activities, but if you want to go aboard to tour the ships, you must pay a nominal fee.
Great spot to take kids for a painless history lesson. I went this week with my second grader and 4 year old. (The big one and I had been once before, when he was 4.) I feel like 4 is probably the minimum age to get something out of the experience. Stop into the visitor center first to get an overview through the exhibits, and pick up the Jr Ranger booklets. Those booklets really helped my kids focus on interesting details, and provided an opportunity to sit and take breaks between the ships. Clean bathroom options both in the visitor center AND on the pier itself. The only reason I am holding back that 5th star is that the tugboat hours are limited "because of the tide" - no further explanation and a little annoying when adults have to pay $10 to board the ships no matter how many ships are open.Other than that, a great excuse to get outside and learn a little something about West Coast history!
I can't believe I've been in San Francisco over a decade without visiting these ships. It's fabulous and fascinating. The Balaclatha (almost like a pirate ship) alone is worth the $5 entrance but you also get the ferry boat with antique cars and more. Make sure you watch the movies on the cargo level and hear the stories via phone. Or you can join a guided tour. I went self-guided with a toddler. Absolutely fantastic for toddlers and up. Before or after your visit, go into the free museum across the street from the Hyde St Pier entrance. Cap it off with an ice cream or hot cocoa at Ghirardelli Sq and your kids will believe you have superpowers.
My husband is a big historical boat freak so I dutifully go along with it, which usually is booooring. However, this place is fantastic. The boats on display are awesome and, in fact, I found myself wishing there were more that we could board and check out (only 3 were open when we went). I also loved the views out on the pier - Alcatraz, Ghiradelli Square, the GG Bridge, the entire bay. What a beautiful place to come and take it all in. Another cool thing is that you don't need a ticket to walk around the boats - only if you want to go on them. So anyone can just come down here and check it all out. A great activity for adults and kids alike. Very cool!
According to the official San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park website, you can experience the "sights, sounds, smells, and stories" of maritime history. I'm a fan of alliteration, but "sailor smells" is not something I'm into ... call me weird. Don't worry about the smells. Come to enjoy the breeze and be on a boat (that's docked) because SF Maritime Park lets you walk on ... and in ... some classic ships that sailed the Pacific Ocean.Would you, could you, on a boat? * Park for Fisherman's Wharf and head to Hyde Street Pier * Cable Car or MUNI bus is probably the easiest/cheapest option * Open 9:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (except Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years)  * $5 per person entrance fee or use a National Parks pass (recommended) * Children under 16 are free (when accompanied by an adult) * Prep early and be the first in your group to sing lyrics from "I'm on a boat." * The Visitor Center is at the corner of Hyde & Jefferson * The Ticket Booth is half way down Hyde Street Pier * Four boats are on the Pier for you to board and explore * 1886 triple-mast square-rigger Balclutha * 1890 sidewheel paddle steam ferryboat Eureka * 1895 wooden-hulled schooner C.A. Thayer * 1907 steam tug boat Hercules * The Maritime Museum is about a half block away * Walkways, Gardens, and a Cable Car Turnaround are part of the park * A small "beach" is popular. People actually swim from there ... brrrrrr * Hyde Street Pier was built in 1922 as a ferry point for Route 101 * Until the Golden Gate Bridge was built this was THE place to cross the bay * Bring a jacket or wear layers. The weather can get cold/windyHere are some lyrics to practice on the ride over ...(Shortayyyy) Aww sh*t   Get your towels ready it's about to go down (shorty, yeah)Everybody in the place hit the f-in deck (shorty, yeah)   But stay on your motherflickin toesWe runnin this, let's goI'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)   I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)Everybody look at me cause I'm sailin on a boat (sailin on a boat)   I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)I'm on a boat   Take a good hard look at the motherflickin boat (boat, yeah)Take a picture, trick (trick) I'm on a boat, b*tch (b*tch)   We drinking Santana champ, cause it's so crisp (crisp)I got my swim trunks, and my flippie-floppies   I'm flippin burgers, you at Kinko's straight flippin copiesI'm on a boat and, it's goin fast and   I got a nautical themed pashmina afghanI'm the king of the world, on a boat like Leo   If you're on the shore, then you're sho' not me-oh{Get the f up, this boat is REAL!!!}
Ever spotted these glorious ships from afar?Ever wondered what they would look like up close?As many, I had seen the ships many times but sheer curiosity stopped there.Then one day.. I decided to walk down Hyde Street after my sunny CableCar ride.The pier is free to walk on, so you can see some relics, parts of boat engines,as well as the carpenters working on restoring the latest little boats.To get on the ships... it's ONLY $5! Not even per day.. it's a 7-day pass so you cancome back and admire, and look at every nook and cranny of these beauties all week.The level of restoration varies from ship to ship, with some areas fenced off for safety.Generally, I found them to be beautifully preserved/restored, and loved the informativestations located all throughout the ships complete with pictures and mini documentaries.The price is for free-roaming and if you want more, they also have organized tours.Absolutely beautiful ships, great peeps around to answer any questions you might have,and don't forget to get to the top level so you can re-create your favourite scene fromthe Titanic.... Don't lie, you know you want to do it.
I was like a kid in a candy store! I love Maritime History, especially if its local and a real bargin to board the ships for only $5 per adult! Located along San Francisco's northern shoreline, at Hyde Street Pier.You get to walk around and see 6 historic vessels...1~ Alma, 1891 Scow Schooner a flat bottomed vessel. Traveled up the Delta to deliver seed, coal, oil, cloth and sewing machines! Built right in San Francisco!2~ Balclutha, 1886 large European rigged sailing ship. The oldest. 256 feet long!3~ Eureka, 1890 Steam Ferryboat. There are classic trucks and cars displayed on the lower deck. There's a really cool old mail truck!4~ Eppleton Hall, 1914 steel tug boat from England. Being restored and wasn't able to board on this visit.5~ Hercules, 1907 steam powered tug boat from New Jersey.6~ C.A. Thayer, 1895 Three-masted schooner built in California. Carried raw materials for California's early cities in the early 1900s.Once aboard the different ships you kinda step back in time and there is artifacts, machinery, photos and documents for each to real and learn. Its a super fun place for kids as they can lean about boats and the history of them.Bathrooms are located near the front before you get to the famous Hyde Street Pier  over head entrance sign.If you didn't want to drive into the City, take the Ferry from an outer city and you'll be dropped off right down the street at pier 45. A short scenic walk to the Hyde St Pier.
Very cool place that I never even knew about! While everyone was hustling and bustling elsewhere, the Maritime National Park was a nice break from the crowds. Inexpensive , educational and loads of fun! My husband and I spent a couple hours (more than expected) roaming the different boats and reading up on their history. Great for all ages!
We had a great time sailing on the Alma today! We got to hoist the sails and helm the boat. Staff and volunteers were friendly,  informative and helpful, offering to take our photos. The  sail was a spectacular look at the bay! I look forward to returning! I also appreciated the lack of music and broadcast narration so we could enjoy the experience as it is.
OMGGO HERE!!! NO REALLY GO HERE!!!!SERIOUSLY CAN'T YOU SEE I AM TYPING IN ALL CAPS TO LET YOU KNOW THIS PLACE ROCKS!!! GO HERE!!!!This has to be one of the best museums / historical parks I have ever been to and I love it.  They have done a great job and really provided an amazing experience.  The crown jewel is the Balclutha which was a multi-purposed old sailing ship which has a had a storied life.  They restored her and turned her into a floating live museum that has no equal.  The other ships are also really great to visit.  If you have kids that them here.
I have sort of a thing for tall ships and historic maritime stories of yore, so I jumped at the chance to chaperone my daughters 4th grade class to the Maritime Museum.But this wasn't your usual museum visit. It was an "Age of Sail" program where the kids were transported back in time via a cast of character who acted and behaved as if it were 1906...and the kids were new sailors to be trained.  Mister Clem, the second mate, greeted them on the dock, and then gave them a primer on speech and behavior (e.g. how to address superiors, walking around lines on the deck, using "aye" instead of "yes").Then we waked single file to the Balclutha, the three-masted ship that is the jewel of the museum.  And then soon after we met Mister London, the strict and hard-to-please first mate.  With a mane of wild hair stuffed under a seaman's cap, slightly wild eyes, a thick British accent and a short temper, he got the kids' attention immediately.  When he told them their sea chanty and "aye ayes" were "pathetic", and then proceeded to dress-down the second mate for bringing these "green hands" to his ship, the look on the kids' faces was priceless. He and the second mate never broke character the entire time. i felt like I was in the middle of a PBS period piece.We met the captain a short while later, who was older, strict and a bit dour, but not unfriendly. She took aside the parents for a private discussion of rules before sending us back to the group, but not before Mister London sent scathing remarks our way (to the absolute joy of the children, I might add).(Note: Parents like myself were to remain silent and observant, but not to speak to the children at all; also no electronics or sunglasses allowed...since it was 1906)The class was broken into "crews" and each assigned to learn a different task, with one parent ("tall sailor") assigned to each crew. With orders being barked constantly and their every move scrutinized, I have never seen my daughter and her friends pay attention so well. Eye opening.After lunch and another set of tasks in the afternoon, the mood relaxed somewhat and the captain sat with the kids and had a friendly, frank discussion about the history of the ship and life on board; she also asked about their impressions, favorite moments, and not-so-favorite moments. Finally we were given a tour of the ship before departing.I learned cool stuff; I got to play-act a bit, and I watched my daughter soak in the experience. Easily the best thing I've done so far this year.
Great location, views, boats, clean and refurbished traditional boats with identifying placards and information/history for each vessel stored there for your viewing pleasure. You have to pay to board the crafts, then you are succomed to participating in boating events for your walking tour. Kids were having fun, but it looked like it was mandatory and not voluntary. The crafty shipmen were doing a fine and challenging job teaching basic day seamenship to the tourists, a deft challenge in itself. No place to eat, Bathrooms needed some serious attentin and upgrades, bathrooms don't need to recapture the feel of the 1800's bathrooms, that type of relic is for the mainstream of this place. A swim club is next door, and watching these guys/gals swim in 20-30 degree iced water is a visual spectacle.There is a makeshift beach here with a gorgeous natural beach sound from which was pleasing. There is a live steam engine here with a tenant operating the unit. A great view of the Golden Gate, Treasure Island, and the Wharf from here for pictures and memories to share.
Hyde Street Pier and particularly the tall masted ship, The Balclutha, are my little boy's favorite things to see in all of San Francisco.He spends hours reading all the information at each exhibit and watches the (3) videos onboard the Balclutha as if the information will be part of the SAT in 12 years. ("Balclutha" is named for the river Clyde in Scotland in case you're wondering. I learned this from the on-board video I've watched at least 30 times!)For a slim $20 you can get an annual membership to Hyde Street Pier to board the ships and take in views not available on any postcard. Your membership will include you and (2) or (3) other adults plus children 15 and under are **free**. Passes are good for 7 days, too. It's a deal and such a great institution to support so please consider buying an annual membership; it'll pay for itself in one or two visits.And, it's always free to walk Hyde Street Pier, no need to buy a ticket unless you want to board the tall ships (which I recommend).
A great inexpensive thing to do when in San Francisco.  We had a jammed pack schedule, so we didn't have the time to give this place it's due.  We ended up walking down the pier and looking at the ships (which is Free)  There are a number of historical vessels and it looks like it would be worth the time to visit them and listen to the various talks that are offered.  If you are interested in nautical history, I'd recommend spending some quality time here.
First and foremost, the admission is FREE.  How awesome is that? (More money to spend on knick knacks and food at the Ferry Building).  It's tiny, but packed with a lot of information about shipping and history of San Francisco as it relates to how important this city was in the building the West.  There's lots of interactive stuff for the kids, and some of the displays are motion activated.  It's right outside the Trolley Stop and the park and Swimming Cove as well as Ghiradelli Square.
I just love the vibe of this tiny park. As soon as you clear Embarcadero from the touristy wharf, you feel like you are less touristy.The wind is blowing in from the ocean... Ghirardelli Square towers over the park... a cable line ends and starts here...
The action never stops at the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. Surrounded by the tranquil green hills with awe inspiring views of Golden Gate Bridge and a lively beach scene, this is one of the choice areas to visit in San Francisco. My three years young son loves to run laps on this beach, collect rocks, roll on the grass at the lush park, have his mural painted, ride the trolley and share a cocoa shake with Daddy at Ghirardelli. We keep on coming back to refill our spiritual cup with the summer of love feeling found inside the emerald city of San Francisco.
Wie did the sailing tour around the bay with the 100 Year old sailing ship.The crew was very friendly and had a lot of knowledge to share.Highly recommended tour, which is still an insider tip
Honestly I was pretty bored. I thought I would have more fun here. But, really... you are just seeing old boats. It did not interest me at all. I like that you get the nice ocean breeze and all but, it just wasn't my cup of tea.
The SF Maritime offers a FREE program to sing sea chanteys on the Balclutha on the First Saturday of every month at Hyde Street Pier from 8pm to Midnight.  You need to make Reservations though in advance.We got there late after 8:30pm and the good seats were already gone, we had to sit in the back.  They don't have sheet music or lyrics so best to get a Sea Chantey book or make some copies from the Internet.Anyone can start any song they want.  It's sung "a cappella" and if you don't know the words to the song, you usually can catch the chorus since it's repeated so often.It goes on for about an hour at a time, then break.  On the galley they serve FREE hot chocolate with or without marshmallow, or you can get hot apple cider - all Non-Alcoholic.  They recommend you to bring a mug/thermos since they don't have enough cups I guess.You can come & go as you want.  We left at the 2nd break around 10pm.It's worth it if you like singing crazy old sea chantey songs & have friends that like to do the same.RSVP with Peter Kasin at 415-561-7171 or peter_kasin@nps.govWebsite:nps.gov/safr
This is one of the best museums I've ever been to!  There are two parts, an inside museum with exhibits you can walk through and touch (complete with sound effects, sweet), which is FREE, and an outside museum that is free to walk on the dock, but $5 to board the ships.  It's worth it to go on the ships!  You can wander around many different kinds of ships, with exhibits on board that tell you about the history of the vessel.  I saw a field trip for kids happening on the same day, and living history actors were telling stories and having the kids shout "ay-ay, sir!" and sing sailing songs.  Adorable. Look for seals off the back of the steamboat!  Also, don't miss the stereoscopes for a quarter on the steamboat, as well.
I love walking down the pier and seeing the old boats. They have the Balaclutha, an old tug, and old auto ferry, and the Alma...one of the last remaining schooners still used on the bay.  Its priceless!
I was over in this area watching the firework on the 4th of July. Great view of the fireworks from here, and the ships were a nice back drop. Very scenic & patriotic!
The old Art Deco bath house that was the Maritime Museum closed in 2006, slated to reopen, after restoration, in 2009.  It reopened its front doors, but only the gorgeous old marine mural lobby and porch was available for viewing,  and that with a handful of ship models and a diorama, rather badly displayed, very ill at ease in the space.  I'm guessing that, like me, when people saw what this gorgeous building looked like, empty, the idea of cluttering it up with models and artifacts seemed a blasphemy, but they're afraid to say so (this being San Francisco, where nothing can change, ever) and haven't figured out what to do with it, otherwise.In the mean time, a small and somewhat disappointing visitors center opened up nearby, on Jefferson St, in the Argonaut hotel section of the Cannery.  More ship models, some interpretive exhibits, and that's that.  Interesting but not compelling.Well!  That has changed.  The space has exploded into the dark recesses of the building, expanding by 3 times I think, and now one of the City's best museums is open to your pleasure, FREE!   The new museum begins where the old fishing boat sits, smashed up on the rocks.  Now you can walk along the San Francisco waterfront, in and out of various parts of history, with great interpretive and interactive exhibits that show how various areas evolved, over time, from the Ohlone, to the development of the Marina District, to the landfill beneath the Financial District's skyscrapers.Now, if they would only make better use of the front---the old visitor's center, and bring in more of the museum's ship models, but displaying them in a manner more compelling than simply putting them behind glass, I would think the pressure would be off of the gorgeous old Deco bath house and we could find a more appropriate use for it.I'd like to have a bar, but who listens to me?
A week or two ago, we decided to go to Fisherman's Wharf for the day. We were guided by a tour guide/scavenger hunt app. One of the places it led us was to the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. It was one of the highlights of the day. In addition to the old ships out on the pier, there was a decent size indoor museum across the street. Best of all it was free. There is a modest admission to tour the boats on the pier. By the time we got to this location we were getting cold and tired, so we decided to hold off on the touring the ships until our next visit.If you're interested in learning about the history of the San Francisco pier on the cheap, this is definitely for you!
My favorite has to be the Eureka, the last working example of a walking beam steam engine.  Check out this animation of one youtube.com/watch?v=Btw4…Tours of the engine room are only offered once or twice a year.  I'll have to return for this particular tour.
This place is a hidden gem. Never thought of walking down that pier to check out the ships til recently when parents visited. For a few bucks, one can walk on multiple ships that sailed many years ago. it's like stepping back in time especially on the ship that cruised the atlantic from europe. my kids had an awesome time and so did we.
This place has always been a very special place for me. I love the ships and salt air because it gave me a sense of peacefulness. But that's the last thing I got today. Be careful of the guy who calls himself an "officer of the park" all he is is a glorified leaf blower and trash duty maintenance guy. Way to go Rodger.
What a nice find right across the street end of so many commercial shops.  The government at it's finest.  A free local museum with awesome displays, directions and suggestions by State Park staff, and restrooms.
My inner pirate likes to come play here (no, the Balclutha was not a pirate ship, but...still). Many different eras of boats that you can tour through. Some are still set up with props and everything so you get a chance to really feel what it was like to be on that style o' boat during that period o' time. On top of boats, there's a museum below the argonaut hotel that just recently opened a new exhibit. It is a walk through of all the piers in San Francisco and shows you their history during significant time periods. Lots of neat props and beautiful murals, ship models, etc. THEN, you have the "museum building" that is currently in restoration mode...amazing murals in there (some of which are historic) and REALLY cool ship models. One of kind! Really no place like it! And if that doesn't do it for you...best place in the bay to sit, have a picnic, play on the beach, and look over the beautiful SF bay.
Beautiful area to hang out, picnic, walk around! Nike Women's Marathon runs through here.
We came upon this visitor center unexpectedly as we were walking back towards Ghirardelli Square from the Hyde Street Pier. Admission is free since it is run by the National Park Service. This museum is not only a showcase for maritime artifacts, it's basically a historical perspective on the modernization of San Francisco.Most of the displays and artifacts are interactive and full of interesting information. You'll be amazed at how much SF has gone through in terms of industry and development from its primitive beginnings. There are a few small theater-like monitors with educational videos playing in a loop. I loved how there were many strategically placed chairs and resting areas, even though it's not all that large to begin with. If you can devout at least an hour, you'll benefit more from what they offer. I just wish we had more time to absorb everything.
My friends had a wedding here and it was one of the most beautiful weddings I've been to. The good thing is there are diff options... Plan A was to have the wedding on the Beach, Plan B in the banquet room, Plan C on the terrace. With the weather and under the circumstances, they had to go with option C, which turned out beautifully! And for some reason, I always find parking here... I used to come here to go to Ana Mandera and always found parking then too. Got front row parking this time. Anyway, lovely place to visit and wonderful fishing nearby off Van Ness too! I caught an ugly bull fish last time I was there, but I digress...
What's the difference between the Hyde Street Pier and the San Francisco Maritime National Park? Nothing. It's the same place.The Hyde Street Pier is entirely used by the San Francisco Maritime Museum which is run by the National Park Service. There is a $5 admission to the ships, but walking the pier where the ships are moored is free. Common to most national parks, the admission is good for a week.The dock moors four main ships. The wind-driven clipper Balclutha that was a cargo ship, the paddle-wheel ferry Eureka, the ocean tug Hercules, and the Thayer. The Thayer wasn't there which shortened our visit to 45 minutes. There are also side exhibits on the pier that are free. It's hard to resist the beauty and romance that the Balclutha evokes, but once on board you realize that's fiction. It must have been rough working on a ship like this. The Eureka is in excellent condition and also has vintage vehicles on board. The Hercules was just okay.If I only had time to visit the Hyde Street ships or the military naval vessels on Pier 45, I'm going to Pier 45. But still try to see both since they are so close to each other. It's better than wasting time at the Cannery, Ghiradelli Square, or the wasteland of souvenir shops around Fisherman's Wharf.
One of the greatest National Park Service Visitor Centers I've seen.  Tells the story of San Francisco, but from the perspective of the water.  Did you know the use of shipping containers is what killed San Francisco as a port city?  I didn't, not before I visited here.  Rebecca Solnit also mentions it in her atlas "Infinite City," a great read for anyone interested in the city.I wish we had brought our Annual Passes so we wouldn't have had to pay to get on the boats, but I wasn't expecting a NPS unit in downtown San Fran.  Now I know they're everyone in the city.
This just might be the most under rated attraction in SF!  If you're like me, you'd never stop to see a bunch of old rusty boats while walking from Pier 39 to Ghirerdelli Square, why would you?Well, here's why you should.**** Other than the peanut butter hot fudge sundae and the sea lions, this maritime historical park is the best part of Fisherman's Wharf. ****  What may seem like a bunch of rusty old boats hanging around a beaten up harbor is actually a national treasure of epic proportions, literally....   The star attraction here is the Balacuta, an ancient (ok, so the late 1800s isn't so ancient) ship that had not 1, not 2, but 3 different lives building SF into what it is today.  She carried much of the vintage glasswork that make up the city's ornate archictectural facade.  Booooooring..... you say?  I agree.  Wait 'til you hear about the people who were invovled and the spy that lived among them.   And man, she did so much more that I can't even begin to summarize, including leading the way to abolishing slave-like labor conditions for Mexicans, Chinese, Filipinos and Italian workers in the entire city.I'm no history buff.  As a matter of fact, I avoid exhibits like these like the plaque assuming that it's all about the gears and ropes and wood.  This exhibit is a gem for the national park system, they've really outdone themselves.   Balacuta, your story has changed my heart.  Out of over 10,000 ships built during that time period, only 3 remain in the world!   And can you believe her maiden voyage took only 29 people to sail from SF around South AMERICA and beyond to Europe!  We've all been on cruiseships this size or smaller that require tons of more people to sail.  Oh yeah, and she did it all by the power of ... the wind! Great for little kids (probably the ONLY museum where they get to run and scream without attraction attention... the seagulls are louder I'm sure).  My toddlers loved fitting themselves into the teeny tiny places all over the ship.  And the buttons, oh yes, the buttons!  So many to push and they all turn on some lights, sounds and even movies! Make sure you watch  the short movies, all 3 of them, on the cargo deck.     Oh yeah, there were other ships there but if Balacuta doesn't infuse your soul with a new appreciation of SF and it's people, I don't know what will.For only $5 for a WEEK's worth of visit (free for 15 and under), this is the BEST deal in town!Oh yeah, to the yelper who gave a landmark 1 star because his car got broken into while parked nearby.... tisk tisk.  Your car can be jacked in front of your house!  Does you crib get 1 star then?
This area is pretty well preserved in terms of the old boats they have, and on a sunny SF day, it's just fun to walk around and check out the different exhibits they have set up.  Will definitely try to come back.
This is a wonderful little museum that is across the street from Ghiradelli Square.  It is small so no need to spend a lot of time there.  Eat your fill of ice cream & chocolate then stroll over to admire the beautiful ships & their contributions to the past glory of the wharf.
It's FREEE! Of course you can give donation.. and I wouldn't blame you. This place deserves it! I live here but enjoy playing tourist, since I've only been here 3 months. I've passed this up several times before because you know it's in Fisherman's Wharf and what do I care about boats?? Big mistake .. this is an awesomely cool place to visit. Lots of information, really good exhibits. I especially loved the documentary they play on awesome huge screen in the back. I love learning so much about San Francisco's history because I love this city so much. Telegraph Hill got its name because of flag that was raised on the hill when mail boat arrvied at the port.. who knew??! I'm so glad I stopped by this place!!
I've lived in SF for over 10 years but had never visited this park until last evening, as a part of a Yelp Field Trip. I really enjoyed exploring the Balclutha ship, with its detailed exhibits and helpful and knowledgable park rangers. I took a few minutes to close my eyes and imagine what it must have been like living in those cramped quarters on the bottom of the ship, sailing around Cape Horn (before the Panama Canal was created) for months at a time. The ferry with its display of old cars was cool, too. This park showcases an important part of San Francisco's unique history. I highly recommend it for travelers and locals alike.
This huge-ass old sailing ship costs next to nothing to board, is kid friendly, safe for work, you can wander around where you want and touch things, and it's non-polluting even if it were to hit a large bridge  It is more or less the coolest thing I have ever seen.  You get a humong sense of deep history.  The braveness and ingenuity of the old sailors is breathtaking. A $5 pass entitles you to come and go anytime for a week.  Heck, you can  have a pizza picnic on deck or sit in the chart house with a bottle of rum and Yelp.  The ship's in sailing condition after 120+ years but tied to the dock with steel chains as thick as a breakfast sausage, so it's not moving anywhere except side to side with the waves.
$5 may be the best deal in town.  I took my 8 year old on a weekday and we had a great time checking out the ships and boats here.  We especially enjoyed our self-guided tour of the Balclutha and the Eureka.  Highly recommended!
If you're there for the museum as well as the park, there are 2. There is one attached to the Argonaut hotel, which has most of the current exhibit, and the one above the water center, which is undergoing extensive remodeling right now (June 2012) and has almost nothing for display. Make sure you hit both as well as the pier.
One of the reasons why I love San Francisco is that no matter HOW much I explore, there is ALWAYS something that surprises me.  Despite the fact that I have lived in San Francisco pretty much my entire childhood and even now work in the city (though now I live in the suburbs), I've never known that there is a National Park located near the tourist area within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf.  I assumed it was somewhat new, but Congress established San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park to protect and preserve America's maritime past in 1988.  Yes, you read that right.  1988.  After exploring the bookstore and walking the pier, I realized that I have to come back to explore the entire area some more.  Who knows what else might surprise me!
Unfortunately, the Maritime Museum isn't in the location per the photos. It's in the corner building of Jefferson now and it is wonderful! It houses some great memorbilia from the old museum and some new items I hadn't seen. Toward the back is a great display of the Little Rose, a Monterey-style power boat built in 1915. She was purchased in 1966 by the museum and was in such bad condition they broke her up. So now she is displayed in the shipwreck section, run up on rocks and looking very derelict. Another cool item is the glass from the Farallon lighthouse. This thing is huge and it was said mariners could see its light from 26 miles away. Lots of great displays and they have BATHROOMS! Clean and not torn up by drunken tourists! And the museum is FREE! There's a park ranger at the front desk to answer questions. A must see!
Very interesting museum.  Comes with maritime artifacts.  Admission is free.  You can't beat that!
This is one of my favorite buildings in San Francisco and I finally got to go inside it yesterday for the maps exhibit that ends this weekend.  The art deco vibe from the 40's makes you feel like you're going back in time.  I also really like the clock they have out front.  It lets me know how long I've been swimming.  Never long enough.
Loved the old Paladini Seafood truck on the ferry boat Eureka and all the old cars!
This is a fantastic place to visit if you want to have your car broken into.  This area of town including the Fisherman's Wharf has really gone downhill since the last time I visited San Francisco.  It's full of shady people, gangstas, and prostitutes, so I'd avoid this area altogether.  There were cops all over the place, but they seemed to be more interested in checking out women walking around than actually doing anything about crime.
Five bucks to look at boats? and being able to revisit again within anytime in the next 7 days?!Damn this is like a great deal for homeless people to rent a bed!!!Just kidding of course... but there were beds that they can secretly sleep in =P
This park is a great place to enjoy some local history. It is beautiful, accesible, interesting and not expensive ($5/ adullt to go explore the ships; kids are free). It is also fun to walk the pier and just be around the boats.Bring layers of clothing. You don't need a lot of time. The free museum in the Argonaut hotel is (free) very engaging; lots of books to explore and very well done exhibits. I highly reccomend this as a local activity. You need 2-3 hours.
"There is a place where the sidewalk endsAnd before the street begins" (Shel Silverstein).  Follow Van Ness Avenue northwards until its done.  The concrete pavement continues into a hook-shaped dock for pedestrians (and seagulls).  If you want to feel like you're in the middle of the Bay, but you don't want to get on a boat or swim, this is is a nice compromise. I've seen people just staring off and thinking, or talking.  It is a place where time seems to stand still.  Unless you are on a jogging schedule. In front of the museum (closed for renovations), there are steps where you can sit and listen to gentle waves lap against the shore.
Awesome! Wonderful national park and you can board four of the boats--it's pretty cool. Definitely board the Balcutha, and make sure to go below decks. The flat screen TVs add a nice touch in offering educational/historical information and the displays are pretty good. I liked watching the woodworkers create a boat as well. It's not often that you can go on a tugboat or a ferry and see actual historical cars from a different era. Go! So much better than Fisherman's Wharf.
I bet that if my ex Internet stalks me and he happens upon my Yelp reviews that mention my love of all things boat and pirate and sailor he laughs to himself.  While living on a sailboat together for six months I may or may not have thrown tantrums regarding our lack of hot water and bathroom and the use of our home as a means of entertainment for other people (sailing it). I love boats!  I especially love big, old wooden boats.  I like the way they smell (like the ocean and must).  I like the idea that hot sailors once worked on them (maybe with their shirts off?).  I like the floaty feeling you get after you hang out on a boat for a few hours.  This is no laughing matter.  Boats are where it's at.  My love for boats started way back in the day when my 5th grade class took a field trip to the SF Maritime Park and stayed on the CA Thayer.  It's been quite some times since 5th grade and I still have pretty distinct memories of the 30 or so hours we spent on the boat--singing sailing songs down in the bunks, taking the row boats around in the bay, being hoisted up the mast, getting to hang out on the deck of the boat at 3am for night watch.  It was one of those educational experiences that makes kids fall in love with learning.  If you are a teacher (or a parent) I highly recommend bringing your kids out for a day.
Just went a couple days ago.  $5 gets you onto a bunch of old boats.  One has a bunch of old cars on it.  It's like going back in time.  Go when you have time to explore and take pictures.  Great for all ages.
Five dollarsFour boatsYou get to tie knots
An historic park for ship fanatics. They charge a fee if you want to get onboard.
The best part about this place is being able to visit the Balclutha.  Beautiful tall ship.  If only she could be let out to sail once and a while like the Star of India in San Diego.  The other great part about this place/park is the hook shaped water breaker another yelper speaks off.  Great place to walk on and just chill, take in the ocean air, and look back at one of the state's most historic cities.
I think this entire park, particularly the Museum, is seriously underrated -- which is great because while it is on the western edge of the tourist-y area that means that even on the most gloriously sunny day, it's still navigable and enjoyable.  We visited the museum Saturday, 07/08/06 -- the day before it closes for about two (or is it three) years for remodeling and I'm really glad I did -- I'll be first in line when it re-opens.
Well worth the five bucks
Magical sea shanties are sung the first Saturday of each month aboard the magnificent, The Balclutha.  They are free to the public and include delicious hot cider (bring whiskey!) or delicious hot cocoa (bring whiskey!).  You will be lulled to sleep by the melodic sounds of portly gentleman who have white beards and large voices.  It is truly a delightful experience.  Remember to dress warmly and BRING WHISKEY (men of the sea frown upon sobriety...mama like!).  oh and most of the songs are about loose women so if you're looking to score (and I am) and you're into the Sea Captain Type (and I am) then ladies, this is your lucky day!  All aboard for love on the high seas...or say, on a permanently docked vessel in the bay.
Historic ships that you can walk on! Monthly sea chantey sing-along! Waterfront without tourist shops! I wanted to go on the submarine but there were too damn many tourists in the way.
Shaped like an Art Deco ship, the Maritime Museum is filled with sailing, whaling, and fishing lore. Remarkably good exhibits include intricate model craft and scrimshaw, and a collection of shipwreck photographs and historic marine scenes. Beautifully carved, brightly painted wooden figureheads from old windjammers line the walls. Two blocks east, at the park's Hyde Street Pier, are several historic ships, now moored and open to the public. The Balclutha, one of the last surviving square-riggers and the most majestic vessel in San Francisco Bay, was built in Glasgow in 1886. Now completely restored, it's open to visitors who can climb into the bunking quarters, investigate the galley, and read the sea chanteys decorate the walls. The Eureka, dating to 1890, was the last of fifty paddle-wheel ferries that regularly plied the bay. Currently undergoing renovation and closed to the public, the black-hulled, three-masted C. A. Thayer, built in 1895, was crafted for the lumber trade and carried logs felled in the Pacific Northwest to the carpentry shops of California. Other historic ships docked here include the tiny two-masted Alma, one of the last scow schooners to bring hay to the horses of San Francisco, the Hercules, a huge 1907 oceangoing steam tug, and the Eppleton Hall, a side-wheel tugboat built in England in 1914 to operate on the Thames.
I love museums and while there are many more interesting one's in the City, I learned many facts and antidotes on my visit here. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly and the facility clean and replete with sweeping views of the Bay. If you like to learn, drop by and support this place.
