Very affordable ($8 for visitors, free for residents). Beautiful gardens. Came here for the redwoods and they didn't disappoint. Lots of different areas with a huge variety. Would definitely come back.
I highly suggest going here especially if you're a resident of San Francisco - admission is free! You just have to show proof of residency. Since my ID wasn't updated, I showed a bill from an e-mail and was able to get in.Since spring was just up and coming, there weren't a lot of flowers that were fully bloomed yet. However, there were a lot of paths to go to with different themes.I was only able to go to about 1/4 and had to leave because I had an appointment, but I'd love to come back here again and experience the garden fully!
I visited San Francisco for the first time and had to come here. I was pleased to find out that my LA Arboretum pass got me access into the garden. It was all very beautiful and the staff were so helpful and kind. I love that the garden is surrounded by a handful of other beautiful destinations as well. The highlights were the redwoods and most of all the fragrance garden. I definitely will have to come back here every time I visit San Francisco.
Beautiful! Golden Gate Park is always worth a visit and this place is definitely a sight to see. Lots of interesting flowers and plants everywhere from various parts of the world. How is it that they can all survive this specific kind of climate in California? I have no idea, but I'm glad they're all here in this garden.I came here with a friend when it was still in "Magnificent Magnolia" season. During this short period of time, the magnolia flowers are in bloom and it's really quite a spectacle. There's various kinds of magnolias spread out in the garden and they all have different qualities (colors, aromas). I totally recommend planning a visit while they're in season!The garden is huge and I can't imagine this place ever being too crowded. There's some hilly parts that might make you breathe a bit harder, but I think it's overall good for families, kids, everyone. Would love to come back here another weekend!
Get your cardio in while smelling  and seeing the pretty flowers that bloom here. FREE for SF residents, $8 for everyone else. The flowers and plants here originate from all parts of the world, and there's even a garden of scents. Definitely worth a visit.
The place is pretty much filled with a bunch of flowers/plants from different countries, small live music performances, and animals. Admission is $7 but free for San Francisco residents. They also have periodic plants sales where you can purchase certain plants that you can't find anywhere else. Perfect place for plant enthusiasts!
This is a beautiful Botanical Garden. Great for a quick visit or a long walk. If you came from the busy California Academy of Sciences, this is a nice way to unwind.
Lovely. So lovely. I just love being able to walk around and be encouraged to smell the flowers. We spent 3 hours here doing just that. It was a very quiet weekday so we pretty had the wholeplace to ourselves. You San Franciscans are so lucky to be able to do this pretty much anytime you want (I believe it's free with an id with a SF address). However, I felt the fee was worth it for the beautiful scenery. I am from Las Vegas so I am perfectly ok paying for a chance to few such beautiful botanicals. We didn't do this but the front office told us we could come back anytime that day as long as we had our receipt.
The gardens were superb! I really liked my visit here at Botanical Gardens. Many people visit this in the weekends so I would totally recommend people to visit the weekday for there isn't as much foot traffic. This also guarantees better pictures without anyone popping up in the backgroundEntrance: $8 bucksTheres a tea station in the middle of the whole garden.We got:1.) Jasmine Tea2.) Ice Green Tea3.) Green Tea Ice cream  I think the ice cream and the green tea was okay. I wasn't blown away BUT it was the beset Jasmine Tea Ive ever had. Its not your typical tea like the ones you get at chinese restaurants. It's high quality tea!!!! Really high quality.My only complaint was the amount of people.and like i said thats easily avoided by going in the weekday.
I really, really enjoyed this place!With me having the day to spare and it being a lovely sunny day I thought I'd leave the Walt Disney Family museum to my next visit (gutted...) and would spend the vast majority of the day outside. Ok so maybe you wouldn't naturally think of me as someone who gets my kicks in a botanical gardens but I really wanted to feel connected to SF nature after being in the city for a while, hitting many bars every night and this was the place to do it. Loads of different districts with native species and plants from all around the world - for $7 entry (free for SF residents) I learned that Californian is one of only about 7-8 'Mediterranean' climates around the world meaning pretty much anything will grow in this state - wow!Something else which blew my mind was learning that beetles used to (and do still in some cases) pollinate flowers back in the days when bees didn't exist - think about that chicken and the egg like scenario peeps...Well worth the money and time - there's also some cool bars and shops just across the avenue from its entrance.
Having been a resident of San Francisco for the bulk of my life, I'm surprised that it took me so many years to finally make it out to the Botanical Gardens. Thankfully, last Saturday before heading into the downtown, the boy and I finally made a trip to visit.THE HIGHLIGHTS:+ Free admission for all SF residents+ Affordable cost of admission for all others (~$10)+ Different sections of the garden are dedicated to different environments/regions, with thriving indigenous plants and helpful name placards+ Meticulously manicured lands and gardens+ Beautiful place for a stroll (or engagement photo shoot, as we saw)Being in Golden Gate Park, the 'golden hour' here may be more fog than you'd want for your photos, but it's still a lovely place to visit.
It's a garden, inside a park! Maybe you're not an outdoorsy person, but the Botanical Gardens inside Golden Gate Park are amazing and have a wide variety of plants to view, and paths to meander. Like most of the attractions inside GGP, there's a fee to enter unless it's early in the morning or a specific day of the month. Check their website if you're interested in discounted or free admission, otherwise prepare to spend a few hours here and get the most of your $8 admission. There's different sections laid out by region, with plant life specific to that area. The paths are sometimes clearly marked, and other times are simple dirt paths that veer off in a different direction, and they all take you through, around, and amid some of the most beautiful and fragrant plants I've ever seen. I took tons of photos, and the different sections are unique and beautiful. You'll wish you had the budget to landscape your yard like the gardens here! Spent about 3 hours wondering around the 55-acre garden, and that felt like the right amount of time. It would be easy to spend longer in the gardens, but don't try to rush your way through or you'll just be upset with youself.
This place is so beautiful, clean, and spacious!Came with cousins after our dimsum lunch, and a walk was certainly what we needed. We came for the Flower piano event, and having live piano music really enhanced the gorgeous atmosphere of the garden. There are so many different areas of the garden, so many different plants and flowers, and the staff was so friendly! Wear lots of sunscreen and even carry a parasol if you're a sun-hater, like me. ;)Tip: Go to the bathroom before you come here. The bathroom isn't the cleanest (as it usually is with parks), and if you do need to go, then the lines take forever.
the smells! my nose hasn't had that much fun since my bday when my b friend got us some of that columbian. what an awesome place to take your man and rub up on him. flowers make me happy!
This botanical garden exceeded my expectations by far due to a variety of reasons: 1) Great price - I took advantage of the daily free admission by arriving within the time frame of 7:30am-9am.  Definitely check the website beforehand (sfbotanicalgarden.org/vi…) if you are interested in visiting for free. 2) Unique plants - The garden's plant collection was very extensive, from flowers to herbs to redwood trees.  There were special plants from all over the world, grouped by geographical area. If I wasn't on a time crunch, I could have spent all day wandering the grounds of the botanical garden.  3) Scenery - In addition to the plants, the landscape was very scenic.  There were many paved paths, fountains, and other architecture to enjoy during your walk through the botanical gardens.  There was even wildlife to observe (eg. birds, squirrels, ducks, etc...).  I definitely recommend this garden for every nature lover!
This was one of the most diverse Botanical Gardens I have been to. It has 8,000 different plants and tree's from around the world! I was greeted at the entrance by a very kind gentleman who was very informative about the map and exit locations in the garden. I went a couple hours before closing, so he kindly let me know the front entrance would be closed and I would have to exit a different way. If the garden hadn't been closing I would have taken much more time to walk and read all the plaques. My time was short but it was so enjoyable! I will be back! If you want to read my full review on my blog go to goldiejames.com/sf_botan… I took lots of photos of the Magnolias! The $7 admission was definitely worth it. I would have paid more. If I lived closer to this garden I would become a member. This is definitely a spot in San Francisco you don't want to miss but is often easily overlooked. I went in the spring to enjoy all the Magnolia tree's and daffodils but I can only imagine how beautiful it must be in the Fall--and that's when I plan to come back!Parking: I did have to walk quite a ways to get to the entrance Since I went on the weekend. If you have a handicapped person with you be sure to either drop them off in the front (if that is an option) or bring a wheel chair.
We've been here a lot of times for walking and just enjoying the plants. This is one of our favorite places in San Francisco.
So pretty! So many plants and trees... and squirrels!I came here this past Wednesday as part of a spontaneous trip to Golden Gate Park. My friend and I had never been to the Botanical Garden so we thought it'd be a nice stop. $8 adult. Free for SF residents. The garden is huge! I don't think we saw it all. But we tried, we really did. I never really expected it to be this big We came in half an hour before the gates closed at 4pm. We had a nice, tranquil visit. There were plenty of areas to explore and relax in. Great place to bring a sketchbook to sketch in!Walking through the whole garden was a nice, easy 'hike'. I had a refreshing time here. :)
This botanical garden is so big! I came here for the Flower Piano event, and it was a unique experience. There were twelve pianos (a mixture of upright and grand) scattered around the garden for people to play on, and the settings for each of them were in the trees and very relaxing. It was really fun! I don't think I would otherwise come to this botanical garden, as I've been to bigger ones with more variety of plants. There's also a $7 entrance fee but it's free for San Francisco residents (bring an ID or water bill that has a SF zip code on it). It's a good place to take a stroll and there are different sections with plants from around the world, but I don't think I would come all the way to San Francisco just to visit this place.4 stars for the Flower Piano event because of its uniqueness, 3 stars for the actual garden.
Beautiful!! Located in the Golden Gate Park, the SF Botanical Gardens are simply breathtaking and worth visiting at least once. Plan on being here at least 1-2 hours to truly admire all that you can here -- you really forget that you're in the city. It's $7 for adults to get in, free for SF locals (with ID proof). I like how there are different sections for plants (ie: CA Local, Australia, New Zealand, etc). Lots of places to take pictures, benches to just chill, pretty lakes, fountains and cute animals running around. There are also some open grass spaces that I saw people eating/lying down/sun bathing/reading/etc on. This is a great place to get lost in for a couple of hours. Side note, there are also a few clean restrooms inside the garden as well as some water fountains. Good to know for being in the city!Cheers!
Came here a few days after the first day of spring. Super tranquil, people setting up picnics, and tossing around frisbees and footballs. Kind of view it as paying $7 admission to get a more private park within Golden Gate park/ any park in the city + super amazing array of flowers and space to wander to your heart's content.  Lovely landscape, and fun to wander around. Would recommend to check out at least once if you're in the area!
I guess I'm a bit spoiled living so close to Huntington park botanical garden in LA area.. But this was a gorgeous pit stop while being in San Fran. The lady at the ticket booth was super friendly, she gave us some quick tips to see the most in the time we had before they closed.. My favorite part of this one is the winding in and out mini trails it has from the main rode through each "exhibit" because you can easily get into your own space off the main path and find an empty bench to just soak it all in.. Also the redwoods exhibit was cool.. Love those.. But I felt like areas of the sections start getting lost in what looks like where they're still growing or fixing? We ended up finding the area where they keep all the potted plants (probably bought at Home Depot?) kinda made me bummed..
The Botanical Garden is one of San Francisco's prize gems. If you are not a plant enthusiast, you will still love the beauty of this lush and peaceful place.If you are a gardener, your mind will explode in this garden of Eden which is replete with exotic plants from around the world.  They have periodic plant sales where you can buy choice plants that are not available any where else in the Bay Area.
Beautiful spot! There is an admission fee to get in if you're not a SF resident, but it's not much (around $10 I believe?) and it was a really gorgeous walk -- we especially loved the succulent garden!
Beautiful and expansive property!  You don't feel like you're in the city anymore.  I couldn't believe all the flowers that were in bloom in February!Free for San Francisco residents.  You really can't beat this place for a nice relaxing walk.  Parking was fairly easy (I went on a weekday).  They even have free docent led tours, which I highly recommend.
They have a few complimentary days of the year, New Year's Day is one of them. Unfortunately the directions didn't quite get get us to the front entrance and not being from the city it was hard to find. Parking was terrible but most of it it in the city. It said it was about 55 acres. I was a little unhappy going in the middle of winter since most of the flowers were not in bloom but there were some that were. I have been to another smaller garden and I felt it had just as much to offer as this larger one. The place was beautiful either way and if I had another opportunity to go in another season I probably would.
I had a chance to visit the SF Botanical Garden in January, and I loved it.I know what you're thinking -- January isn't exactly the best time of year to visit a botanical garden. But trust me, there was still a lot to see and it was definitely worth the trip!Even when most of the flowers weren't in bloom, the gardens are still beautifully maintained and the plants are lush and healthy. I really enjoyed the couple of hours we spent strolling through the different sections: Australia, Asian, Smell & Touch ... it was a perfect day for a scenic walk. The grassy lawn with its huge trees was breathtaking. And we actually arrived just in time to see the first of the magnolia blooms! One of these days I'll have to go back in the summer. It must be lovely!
One thing I miss about living in California is flowers, grass and trees. I definitely got my fill during my short visit to the San Francisco Botanical Gardens. Beautiful nature surrounds you as you walk through the gorgeous gardens and just enjoy your surroundings. It's a quiet sanctuary away from the hustle and bustle of the city, I recommend it to anyone.
A must see location for tourists and locals alike.
The San Francisco Botanical Gardens were until recently known last the Strybing Arboretum named for the women who provided the seed money to start the gardens.  The garden opens daily from 7:30 am with last entry varying by time of year,  The garden now charges 7 dollars for adults dollars for families to enter the garden but is free for city residents and members of the garden,  the garden is also free the second Tuesday of the month, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New years and before 9am.The garden is broken into individual areas most pertaining to a part of the world, or a specific kind of plant, though a few are based on a concept like the Fragrance Garden and the Ancient Plant garden,  A few of its more notable gardens are: it's a small redwood grove, three outdoor cloud forests (more then any other botanical gardens) the California Native garden is best in the spring and late summer when many plants are in bloom,  The garden is also noted for its large camellia  collection and its magnolias which are so popular they have their own special event "Magnolias by Moonlight" each March.SFBG has a number of endangered plants,  One of them, the "Puya raimondii" made the news in 2006 when after 33 years it finally bloomed.Two of my favorite things about the garden are:1 The tiny gift shop featuring books, cards, Japanese bells and other garden themed items.  Out front are usually some tables with other merchandise behind the shop is a plant sale area,  I often find gifts here for garden lovers.2 Docet tours- these are great because the Docets know what is in bloom and try and show them off.  When the gardens were free there would sometimes be several of these tours throughout the day,  Now they are daily at 1:30 starting just inside the main gate to the garden.  These volunteer led tours tell you the history of the gardens and take you on  a hour to hour and a half tour of the gardens.  The tours very greatly as different guides have different interests and they try and show areas that are at their best and that changes.  They always take request so if someone in the group is interested in a certain kind of plant they will do their best to show it.I always make it to the gardens and take a tour when I am in town,  when the garden was free I would make the trip several times looking forward to the different guides and what they will cover,.  Some stay to the main paved paths, some early walk on the main trails mostly following the smaller gardener trails.The gardens are located in the same area of Golden gate park as the Japanese Gardens, the Academy of Science and the DeYoung art museum.In all the gardens are a great place to wander and explore or as many residents do when the weather is nice, find  a lawn and catch some sun or a bench to read.
The botanical garden was a very peaceful place to go visit.  The botanical garden has a lot of different varieties of different plants from different countries, states and continents.  The day we visited we saw a crane we think in the bamboo forest the same day.  I misled my family the wrong way - my nephew was leading the right way and I made a mistake.  We were there for three hours but at the time we left everyone said we all had fun.*submitted by me and my nine year old nephew
I usually end up going with my friends to the botanical gardens when we're hanging out but low on $$$$.  the people at the entrance are friendly and really there to help!  whenever i forget to bring a proof of residence or my student ID, whoevers there is nice enough to let me off the hook.  (sf residents get in for free, but i think regular admissions is $5.)  the only bad thing is that at the pond, the sad little turtles get pushed around by these big (cat?)fish.  and theres goose poop everywhere in that area.  oh well! on my first visit last year, i saw a hummingbird in its nest!  amazing.  & if youre lucky you'll spot this little red lobster? crayfish? looking thing in the Japanese area.
The gardens are very beautiful and I always get a very nice feeling of serenity here. There are numerous plants from all over the world and it's very fun being able to stroll through all of the different continents. There are also many different events that take place here so keep an eye out for those. My favorite thus far has been the flower piano (where 12 different pianos were placed around the garden for the public to play).
What a beautiful area of Golden Gate Park. Gardens representing parts of the world, all in one place. And what's more, they happen to be hosting a Flower Piano event, in which they put 12 pianos in random areas of the garden for anyone to play in. Can't get anymore relaxing than that! $7 admission for the out-of-towners, free for SF residents. Man, it's places like this that make me wish I was able to live in the city.
Nice botanical garden located in Golden Gate Park is both pretty and relaxing to come visit and they have a great variety of trees and flowers.  It's only $7 admission so you should check it out.
I love botanical gardens.  If there is a botanical garden in a place I am visiting, I will go there.  So when I realized that this botanical garden had free admission at silly o'clock in the morning (or, you know, 7:30) and that my jetlagged self would totally be awake well before silly o'clock, this visit was a no-brainer.And seriously, holy crap, this place is worth a visit at twice the regular price, let alone for free!  It is huge, it is gorgeous, and I want it as my backyard.We weren't sure how much time we'd want to spend when we got there, so we asked the lady at the gate to point us toward the best areas.  She circled about half of the various gardens, but really she could have circled them all.  Even the ones that weren't really in bloom were interesting to see, and we ended up just wandering through everything at least once.My favorite gardens:1) Succulent Garden.  It is not possible to go wrong with succulents, and these were absolutely amazing.  Super colorful, super pokey, and with a neat winding path up the side of a hill.2) Redwood Grove.  My first experience with redwoods but hopefully not my last!  It was amazing to see these tall trees first from afar from the entrance gate and then up close and personal in the grove.  And then to find out that they are basically babies compared to their giant cousins? Insane.3) Garden of Fragrance.  Just... wow.  We must have looked a little deranged, stopping every two feet to shove our heads into a new flower, but it was super fun.  Not all of the flowers were strongly smelly when we were there, but we definitely got whiffs of some great new scents, including the interesting mixes of scents from afar.  A definite must-see!Is it weird that I kind of want to visit San Francisco again just to go to this garden? Probably, but I will happily own that weirdness.
I love, love, love this arboretum/botanical garden - trees and flowers from around the world including redwoods, birds including blue and green herons, California quail, and hummingbirds, ponds, paths, benches, yes, yes, yes, and so much more! It is so beautiful, so inviting, so diverse, so interesting, so relaxing, so San Francisco!
The Botanical Garden is pretty for like the first visit or two. After awhile it gets boring. Or maybe I'm just bitter because the first time I came here, it was free for my friend who was a San Francisco resident (only according to his ID) but I had to pay the $7 admission fee. Anyways, this is a popular peaceful destination for tourists.You can walk around for a good few hours. There are lots to see, and the variety of plants is actually quite impressive. I would imagine most people wander around for the bonding experience rather than the actual gardens. Even when there are lots of people around, it never seems crowded with 55 acres of land.As a tip for non-locals, there are free admission days on the second Tuesday of every month, as well as daily from 7:30am to 9:00am... also on Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's. Definitely a must-see if you are ever in this city!
Great spot for a 1st or 2nd date. The Botanical Gardens are pretty cheap to get into and offer beautiful views. Admission is cheap and Golden Gate park is right there as well. Parking can be a little dicey but there's a cheap lot nearby, just google it ahead of time.
I think the concept for the film, the Night at the Museum, works for most people. It's based on the story that a night watchman at NYC's American Museum of Natural History discovers that the exhibits, animated by a magical Egyptian artifact, comes to life at night. The adventures that arise are hilarious, as you can physically see a real live museum in action.After watching the movie, if you want to visit a real living museum, then head to the San Francisco Botanical Garden located at Golden Gate Park. It offers 55 acres of both landscaped gardens and open spaces, showcasing over 8000 different kinds of plants from around the world. (sfbotanicalgarden.org)The reason that the garden is able to house these living plants is due to the Bay Area's mild temperatures, wet winters and dry summers, coupled with the coastal fog. It provides a range of climatic conditions that exist only in a few botanical gardens in the world. These unique conditions allow it to grow and conserve plants from all over the globe, including plants that are no longer found in their native habitats.2015 marks the 75th anniversary that the garden has been opened to the public. I'm not really a big fan of places like this, but I have to admit that it's really chill, where visitors can experience nature and learn about plants and its environment. Kinda like an outdoor classroom. You can relax, while the kids run amuck. Best thing, it's open 365 days a year. I highly recommend checking out their extensive Magnolia collection.You must be a SF resident to enjoy this place for FREE. Bring your driver's license and you're set. Non residents pay $7 like I did, so it's sort of your call as to whether you'll get your money's worth. There are discounts for Seniors and Children. All in all, not a bad experience, if you make the best of it.
Love it, so peaceful & beautiful.  Great diversity of different styles of gardens, botanicals & trees.
I didn't know such beauty existed in my own backyard. Living in SOMA, I'm surrounded by high rises, busy streets, and the hustle bustle of everyday city life. However coming here to Botanical Gardens at Golden Gate Park, I immediately felt rejuvenated. Walking through the garden, my senses were drawn in as I viewed brightly colored magnolias. I stood in awe of magnificent trees harvested from South and Central America. The vibrant lush greenery that surrounded me melted away all worries. The air was perfumed with delicately scented flowers and I couldn't help but breathe in as deep as I could just to savor it a little longer.As I explored a little deeper, I walked endless trails leading into small pockets of hidden surprises. I walked upon a wooden deck and could imagine how romantic it would be for a couple. I came across a shaded bench and could've sat there forever admiring such an ethereal setting. One of my favorite parts was visiting the plant nursery. Curiously shaped succulents and peculiar green potted plants were lovingly placed alongside each other. The Orostachys Iwarenge is so beautiful that I even wanted one for myself.Alas, I have found my own little Garden of Eden. I truly had an amazing time. I look forward to returning!
They have so many different plants! This garden is definitely large and I wish I was able to come here during the spring when all the flowers are blooming. There are lots of sections with different plants and you'll take a good hour or more to walk around the entire garden.
A beautiful and unexpected oasis in the middle of the busy city.  Lots of different types of botanical to explore and aw at.  Very picturesque, with lots of beautiful photo ops.  I absolutely adored the Garden of Fragrance- had a fun time trying to identify all the herbs you can cook with! SF residents get in for free (with proof of valid ID w/ SF address!)  Great first date spot.
Before you read any other reviews, remember that this is a botanical garden.  It should receive fair comparisons with other botanical gardens, not comparisons to a movie or a concert or a day at the beach.  Every great city should have a beautiful park, and every great park should have a botanical garden.   A botanical garden represents careful planning and design, a blend of science and art.  This is the beauty of a botanical garden.  And the SF Botanical Gardens are no exception.  This majestic SF landmark was first begun in the 19th century, and its caretaker, John Mclaren from Scotland, spent literally his lifetime planning out how to incorporate plants from around the world into a park that also spawned many of its own native California species.  By the time he passed at the age of 96, he had established one of the most beautiful botanical gardens in the country.  Set against the rest of the Golden Gate Park, its easy to overlook this garden as much more of the same flora, but close attention to detail reveals much more.  Mclaren was able to recreate different flora from around the world, like a botanist's dream version of Epcott center at Disney World.  Various sections of the park are dedicated specifically to growing plants from South East Asia, Chile, South Africa, even Australia and New Zealand.   Everywhere you look, you will literally find one unique species after another, one after another, beautiful plant imported from far away, with neighbors from its own country, now making its new home here in SF.  There's also quite a bit of land dedicated to Californian species, including a small Redwood forest.  The dark gray stones, which line the the terrace and can be found interspersed throughout the garden, are actually old remnants from a 12th century Spanish monastery.  As you explore the garden, your senses will be inundated with wonderful and brilliant colors, and rich, vibrant smells.  The garden even encourages visitors to not only smell, but also touch the plants as well!  Find a comfortable spot, and take some time to rest and relax.  Very likely you will notice plenty of wildlife around you, even on a winter's day I noticed a Canadian goose and several hummingbirds perusing the garden's foliage.  Children will delight in the ancient plant arboretum, which boasts species from the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, as well as replicas of dinosaur footprints and even a few hidden topiary dinosaurs themselves! Whether you're a naturalist or a nature lover or just a naturally loving person, you'll enjoy a stroll through the botanical gardens.   Happy travels my friend!
The SF Botanical Gardens are spectacular, a true oasis in the city. The moderate climate allows various other geographic areas botany. The person at the front gate was incredible as well as she pointed out the area where the blooms were best. If you're in the city and looking for an escape from the grind stop by.
Winter is over the red leaves that kiss us,The hour of love comes and goes,Let us part, as the season of passion forgets about us,With tears that are left in the Redwood Grove.
There are times in which I feel like I can't get enough of San Francisco and places like this are one of the many reasons why I really like this city. During Christmas Day, we were bored and were unsure what to do since a lot of places were closed. It turned out that the admission was free during Christmas Day for non-residents of this amazing city, so we went here late in the morning and stayed around here until the late afternoon.This place is definitely one of the most wonderful parts of the Golden Gate Park. My favorite areas are probably the Great Meadow and the Waterfowl Pond. The grass of the meadow felt good on my feet, and was nice to sit down, and lie down to take a look at the clear sky. The Waterfowl Pond is a nice place to look at some birds, and I really liked the hilly terrain nearby where you can get some decent views of the gardens while doing a little hill climbing. I don't have much to say about the other parts of this place, but pretty much the plants are all nice to look at, and it felt great to get another fresher smell. Overall, if you are looking for a nice place to walk around on Christmas Day in San Francisco, this place is a really good choice. I thought I had one of the best Christmas Days and just going on a simple stroll around this place made that day wonderful. I would not mind coming back here again just to relax on the Great Meadow.
Right across the Japanese Tea Garden, and much, much better.  It doesn't have the Japanese theme, but it does have peaceful trails and plenty of empty benches where you can sit down and just stare at natural marvels from all over the world from California to New Zealand.  I saw people just sitting inside reading or sleeping on benches (If it helps, I went there at around 3pm on a Tuesday afternoon).  The park quite small compared to, say, the NY Botanic Gardens, but the flowers are mostly alive and beautiful in August, unlike in NYC (probably due to the more moderate summer weather).  The employees at the ticketing booths are also quite friendly (they apparently ask all non-residents where they are coming from).Admission was $8 for non-residents, and I was able to leisurely stroll through the park and take pictures in about 2 hours.The bathrooms are pretty awful, but that is to be expected.
This place is so pretty! I came here with my boyfriend on Friday at 7:30am, so we had free admission and the lady at the front desk was super friendly. This place had so much to see, but my favorite had to be the bridge with turtles and catfish (maybe..?) And the fragrance garden! My boyfriend and I were really surprised we could actually smell things ahah! Many people were also taking a stroll or just exercising and if I lived in San Francisco, I'd probably be going for a run there when I have time as well.
One of San Francisco's treasures.It is a must that you visit even if your a local.The garden is just so beautiful and you want to stay all day admiring all the variations of flowers, etc.
Came here with my mother over the weekend and had a lovely time.  The selection of plants was gorgeous and the gentle autumn rain really brought some of them to life.  I love how admission is free not only for SF residents and during holidays, but for any early riser who comes through the main gate before 9AM! Will definitely be waking up for that one next time.  Also appreciate how you can wind your way through one side of the garden, as well as the informative plaques scattered throughout.
Lots and lots of plants which is great! Great stroll through the garden and love the paths :D takes between 30-45mins to walk through most of the garden
This place is huge! It was much bigger than I thought. I like all the different paths and because it was an overI had to pay $7 to get in for adults. Free for San Francisco residents with government id (driver license, passport, etc)It's a great place to have a picnic on the parts you can go on if you like. Just clean up after yourself please!!
The library is now closed most of the time. Leaves are never swept up, and the whole place looks like a mess. The admission fee is $7, not $5 as a "senior citizen" wrote. It is a disgrace that members are admitted free, because the $$$ are theoretically spent on gardeners (a farce in itself). The fountain is due to have a lot of "memorial plaques" installed, so the Society can continue to pay for director McKechnie's inflated private-sector six-figure salary.Do everyone a favor and don't pay! Either walk right in (they have no authority to stop you) or just boycott it and let McKechnie know why. (Ask at the front desk to speak to him at his office; it is to the left of the library).This management has to go!  It is a disgrace! We need to end these exclusionary, elitist, racist fees....
Grab your California ID (it gets you in for free)...and get your favorite people together.Remember to remind them to bring their California IDs...and then make your way to San Francisco Botanical Garden.Unlike Golden Gate Park and other parks - you're encouraged to pack light. No big coolers or grills. No big boom boxes or radios. No loud voices or cigarette smoking.Instead - bring jars of nourishing food. Bring your soft blankets. Bring your flasks of warm tea. Bring your hula-hoop. Bring your healing essential oils. Bring your book. Bring your self.  Bring your whole self...To San Francisco Botanical Garden.Plan a perfect picnic in one of the most epic and what's up spots in the city.Just don't forget your California ID.Trust.
This place is magical and free! Is there anything better than that.  If you have an id or bill that has your address in SF then you my friend can relax for hours or just wander through different climates at will for FREE. It's $7 if you are not a resident and frankly if you like to learn about the flora of a temperate rainforest or one of the other climates and you go on a docent tour it's worth that.I don't bother with that I prefer to just wander around and find one of the many many benches. They are constantly adding new sitting spots and views and there is always lots of nice little vistas and views.Today I talked to some of the volunteers tending to a hill top seating area, took pictures for a Japanese tourist and got to sit surrounded by the lush nature with seeing another person nor hearing a car for 1/2 hour. Can it get much better than that.Also check out the Helen Crocker Russell Library of Horticulture which is before the entrance to the Garden. They have free open wi-fi, a 60's building and they sell for very cheap used Horticulture books that are donated to them.
This is a great place for a date or for a really nice walk with friends (or solo! nothing wrong with that!).This place is pretty huge! I loveee the lake section. There's a bench where you can just sit and watch the water with all of its ducks and turtles! There is also a part of the Moon Viewing Garden that looks MAGICAL. The "Wow" factor of your experience definitely depends on whether it is the optimal season. Regardless, this place is so large that there is bound to be a section that will tickle your fancy. The entrance fee of $7 for non-SF Residents is beyond reasonable, but if you are a SF resident, be sure to bring a utility bill or proof of residence so you can get in for free!
So beautiful!! If you love nature, gardens, or just a peaceful and beautiful place to walk around you have to visit here!! One of the most stunning places I've been to in SF. I went to check it out on a Tuesday, and it wasn't too crowded at all. I brought my camera with me and was able to get some great macro shots. There's so much to see here, all SO beautiful. I loved everything about it! It's free if you get there before 9am. It took me about two hours to see almost everything, this place is huge. I didn't even make it around the whole park in that time so I'll be back!
I didn't expect it to be so massive! It was such a lovely trail, words can't describe how beautiful the greener was. I came here on a Sunday afternoon and it was just lovely to see everyone gathering to the park to enjoy themselves. Please wear comfortable shoes or rent a bike. There's a lot of scenery. Free for San Franciscans (w/ valid ID) $7 for non-residents.
Love it! Free for SF residents, $7 for non-residents. There's really a lot to see and it's a really nice place to walk around for a few hours. My boyfriend and I made the mistake of staking out a place under the cherry blossom tree and probably photobombed everyone taking pictures of the tree in bloom.
Great place for a nice, quiet walk. $8 admission keeps transients out.  Super well maintained and beautiful flowers and trees.
Flowers and stuff. What more to say.
I am the first to admit I don't appreciate our city's botanical garden enough probably because it's not a showy display of flowers like the Butchart Gardens up near Victoria, British Columbia. Of course, that costs $32 to enter, while this lovely, 55-acre attraction is completely free to city residents who can show a driver's license with a local address ($7 for non-residents). So who's complaining? Not me. It's a calming place that Jamie W. and I visit when we feel like taking an easy stroll from the entry point to Golden Gate Park at 9th and Lincoln. Besides, it doesn't smell of old lady like some other gardens do.We usually have to work off some of the calories from a satisfying meal we got at either Park Gyros, Park Chow or Marnee Thai. As you walk toward the very retro-looking County Fair building, I like the vertical sign that tells you all the things you can't do in the space (see photo). Once you enter the main gate, you see the Great Meadow, a wide expanse of manicured green dotted by majestic trees. Side paths take you to any of the four main gardens organized by climate, geography and plant type. There are at least two restful Japanese gardens which offer ponds, benches, Japanese maples and water irises.There's also a succulent garden, a fragrance garden and a fascinating garden devoted to ancient plants. The wildfowl pond features all sorts of fowl, and we ran into a parade of geese who seemed unperturbed by the humans in their path to the water. The camellia garden is a particularly nice place to sit a spell and enjoy the colorful glories of nature while resting your derriere. There's a tiny garden bookstore at the entrance that's worth perusing and a rack of seeds for the more horticulturally inclined. This is well worth a stop on the way to many of the other attractions in the park (see the photo gallery).
Wow what's not to like?  Beautiful plants, trees, flowers, pathways, lakes, ponds....I could go on and on.  So much to see, well worth the $7 to get in.  Way bigger than we thought it would be.  As you continue further in, the different paths, steps, stairs and trails take you to some very quiet and serene areas.  There are benches and places to sit everywhere to take it all in. So relaxing  The kids were into it, even the older ones (ages 15 and 21!) Will definitely bring a blanket and snacks next time.Go and enjoy.
Came here on hopes for a romantic stroll with the hubby and crossed our fingers for a few stunning shots of nature'a natural beauty.$7/person entry fee. Try to come with smaller bills because they had a hard time breaking our 50. Parking is absolutely horrendous and you will be certain to hear a whole lot of honking and maybe even some yelling. There are a number of touristy places to visit in the vicinity so we are all pretty much battling for parking along the sides of the road. Be cautious, there are a bunch of bicyclists and joggers roaming around. During this time of the year, I didn't see too many flowers in bloom, which was slightly a let down. Fortunately, The beautiful weather made up for all of that. Sun was shining bright, blue skies, and just the right amount of breeze.The park is quite big. Since there wasn't too many flowers to take pictures of, we assume we would be in and out of the garden quickly. Boy were we wrong, time was ticking away and before we knew it, we had spent over 3 hours roaming around. Squirrels run rampant and free. They even get pretty close to you at times.  There is a pond where plenty of people laid out blankets and enjoyed lunch. Do be aware: stay on the designated paths. We took a picture up close next to one of the plants and were scolded for "killing" greenery.I'm not sure if we'd come back. Dealing with the traffic and angry drivers on a weekday was no fun. I couldn't imagine how much crazier it would get on a weekend.
Wow! This place is amazing!!!You really cannot tell what's in store here from walking outside...you're literally transferred to another world once you pass the entrance. There is SOOO much to see here.  It's impossible to even walk the whole grounds in a day.  It's free for SF residents and free for everyone if you come super early!I did a docent tour and was absolutely burned out by the end of it that I had to leave early.   I would do another one next time, but I think the tour lasted for almost 3 hours. I had visited the Japanese Gardens right before, and had no energy left. Those who plan on coming should just plan on making this their one and only stop.  There's enough to fulfill you. The girl at the Friendship entrance was really pissy...I know these are probably students just making minimum wage and trying to make ends meet, but the attitude almost staled the experience.  I almost walked way and skip this totally.  Seriously, if they are so miserable with their jobs, I would gladly prefer to have one of the senior docents working there instead.  It's a rough economy, appreciate the jobs you have....
Great place to see some of the most beautiful trees you will ever see in your life! Take tons of pictures and enjoy the tour. This is something you must put on your bucket list whenever you visit San Fran.
Right next to the Japanese Tea Garden! It's not as big and intimidating as you'd think. You can probably walk through it leisurely under 2 hours, and then head over to the gift shop to buy some seeds or vintage postcards.
I totally appreciate the SF Botanical Garden as sometimes it is tough to feel zen in a city such as San Francisco, especially living near downtown where there are only small patches of green.  Sometimes we need to see some nature, some trees, flowers, greenery from all over from California to Southeast Asia to Australia to South America and Mexico - love it!  The variety of plants from succulents to perrenials to redwoods - just lovely!  You can either stay on the main path and see an outline of greenery or you can dive into the various smaller paths that take you deeper into the greenery and detail of each region featured.  Love it!  And I absolutely love most of all that this garden is free to all San Francisco residents - just show your ID at the entrance and you are good to go!  Bring a picnic lunch or a blanket and book and enjoy some sun!
Wonderful SF treasure. ....all residents should take advantage of this green space. Give yourself away least an hour.
Beautiful area with lots different regions covered in the landscaping. Local, Chile, Australia etc. The Japanese tea garden was much more impressive to me across the street even though it is much smaller (2 acres maybe vs. 55 acres)
The garden location.  Lincoln Way & 9th Ave.. easy..  Show id or school pass, prove that you are a San Francisco resident and the abmission is free and for non residents the cost of the entries is only 7dollar$, worth spending $it on this beautiful garden. For those who are visiting San Francisco. This place is literally away fom the city, is relaxing and welcoming for any age. Family welcoming". You will see beautiful fauna, Unless you're exploring the surroundings of the city/suburban_areas, and you came across of some the plants that grow in this garden, otherwise you won't see exotics plants out here,SF. Growing wildly. Only in our gardens.  I'm planning to do that to my garden add more beautiful plants, anyways, I think, the best place to buy beautiful plants.. &  the best place to take a stroll. Looking at all the different types of flora and birds that reside here,  or have a quiet moment to yourself, many places to go wile inside the garden, still with all the people in there. so much tranquility. Golden gate park is quite and peaceful, but if you want more privacy, the garden is for you
Loved this place, gorgeous! I would strongly recommend this place for a first date, there is so much to see and very little that needs to be explained. This is date that you experience not just with your eyes, but with your sense of smell and the loving company of your wife/husband/gf/bf. This is very large garden so be prepared to walk! It took my wife and I 3 hours to casually walk the garden and i'm sure there was plenty that we missed.
I absolutely love coming to the SF Botanical Gardens to enjoy the nature, the flowers, plants, the wild animals, & all of the beautiful hortculture. I love the fountains & ponds. This is, a lovely place to browse for hours. The SF Botanical Gardens also offers free admission to SF Residents which is brilliant. The Gardens are tranquil, calm, and absolutely fascinating - year round, in all of the Seasons. I have lots od favourite spits and places but there is something for everyone and having these beautiful gardens in San Francisco does make me proud to live here!
One of my favorite places in San Francisco. San Francisco residents get in free but you must bring proof of residency - driver's license, check, utility bill, etc. What a deal - the botanical gardens are huge and are split up into different regions of the world. It's really beautiful to look at the different types of plants that thrive in different climates around the world.There are so many areas to explore - there are small streams, small paths off the main paths, little nooks where you can take a rest on a bench. There are also lots of large, grassy areas for you to put out a blanket and relax. I once saw someone holding a birthday party at one of the few picnic tables - not sure if a reservation is required but if not, probably not a great idea since there are so few of them.My favorite spot is in the Redwood Grove in the California section of the gardens - the most majestic trees. The area tends to be quiet and very still, and there's even a small "amphitheater" area where you can take a quick rest. The tall, majestic Redwoods feel like they are protecting you.
If you live in the city, this isn't a bad place to spend your time. Probably you've already figured that out. If you don't!--this place isn't all that interesting. And the Botanical Gardens are woefully short on information about the plants they DO have. If you like botany, you might want to splurge on a trip to the Academy of Science.  If you just want to see gorgeous plants and learn about them, the Conservatory of Flowers is a better pick. And if you want to see local plants in a natural setting, well, there's more impressive nature to be found just about anywhere in the Bay area. Scores of them are within an hour's drive of San Francisco. The state park entry fee is similar, too, and the larger parks have friendly rangers to harass for nature trivia. Choose the terrain or hiking path you want and find the park for you!
I can't believe this garden exists in the city; a beautiful place to escape to for a few hours. Plus, if you can prove you are a resident of San Francisco, admission is free! You can also bring in food and have a wonderful bag lunch on one of the dozens of benches- some hidden inside pockets of different landscapes within the park. There are different themes and eras you can enjoy throughout the whole park- my favorites were the Redwood Grove and the Succulents. The park is separated in different regions and countries and you can walk for hours and see so many new plants and flowers you've never seen before. The details and signs next to each plant are so helpful and I could walk for hours and hours in here- and do it all over again. 5 stars.
Best $7 I've ever spent. Interestingly, very quiet while the rest of the park was buzzing with crowds.
Beautiful flowers and trees everywhere. Good date spot! It was almost like walking into a forest. Take lots of pictures! Free admission when you're an SF resident!
