Forget Captain America or Star Wars... the new SFMOMA is this year's definitive summer blockbuster! The new museum is not so much a sequel as it is a reboot (kind of like what they did with the Daniel Craig/James Bond movies). And you know what? It totally works!I'll be the first to admit that I'm no modern art aficionado. I could probably count on one hand the names and works of the artists on display. But that's what makes this museum so cool. Despite its regal setting and fancy architecture/interior, it's refreshingly unpretentious. This ain't your daddy's old, stuffy museum. This is a place for kids of all ages to come and experience an inspiring feast for the eyes and mind.Be sure to wear comfortable walking shoes, because seven floors can eventually exhaust even the most avid art fan. If you're hungry or thirsty, they have a wonderful cafe on the 4th floor (featuring sandwiches, pastries, and Illy Coffee) with outdoor seating. Prices were surprisingly reasonable.Make sure you take a few minutes to check out the verdant moss garden growing on the museum walls (I believe it's on the 3rd floor). This will impress any plant lover!There's no question about it - the new & improved SFMOMA is a cultural destination. And I have no doubt that it will succeed in putting San Francisco right up there with Paris and New York as having one of the greatest modern museums in the world.** Bonus - kids under 18 don't have to pay admission!
Visiting San Francisco's new MOMA after seeing it in several earlier iterations is akin to watching that little neighbor kid grow up.  You knew him when, saw him through the awkward years, watched him grow into a shy young man, then suddenly he's abloom with confidence, a king of the world.  If you failed to visit MOMA when it was located at the Civic Center or prior to its closure a few years ago you have no idea of the significance of this transformation.  You'll just be drinking in the beauty that is now the largest modern art museum in America, appreciating the fact that there's more than enough here to keep you enthralled for more than one visit.  The rest of us though?  We'll be marveling at this, certainly, but also at the cultural significance of San Francisco becoming a destination-worthy museum city.  That's a novel twist and a distinction we've not previously enjoyed.  What it says, I'll leave for cultural anthropologists and historians to discern but if I were to put it into my own words it would be something like this:  San Francisco has arrived.And that's from someone who has long believed that San Francisco led the pack in so many, many categories.  Thanks to the vast expansion and the inclusion of an ongoing, significant portion of the Fisher Collection (of Gap fame and $$$), the new MOMA is now being spoken of in the same breath as NYC's MOMA and London's Tate Modern.  The Fishers lobbied hard to keep their collection in San Francisco, hoping for a dedicated museum within the Presidio.  When that plan failed other cities were eager to compete for the opportunity to house this collection leaving San Francisco politicos scrambling.  The new MOMA is the result of this scrambling and it might restore your faith in city government.  The new MOMA is 7 floors of art (2.5 times its previous size) and 2 museum shops.  It's a couple of cafes, one with outdoor seating and Sightglass coffee served in Heath ceramics.  It's a restaurant (coming in June) overseen by a chef with 3-Michelin star credentials.  It's also home to the world's largest living wall in the U.S.  It's oh so many things but it's really about the art, this collection, in this gorgeous, mostly new space.  Visiting the museum has half inspired me to pen a thank you letter to the departed Fishers and the San Franciscans who saw a way then made it happen.  Let this suffice.  If you enjoy art and museums don't miss the rebirth/reincarnation of San Francisco's newest baby.  And to think, I knew him when...
Went to preview day since I'm a member now. For the past two years I've been going to MOMA in nyc to make up for our lack of moma. I'm excited Living wall - gorgeous. One of the first things installed as it would take 1.5 years to grow the plants according to the very friendly employee in the elevator!Much more space and many more things to see then the last time I was there. Be sure to see the pop minimalism exhibit. So much Warhol and Lichtenstein, I was in heaven. Welcome back SFMOMA!
Wow! Since I decided to join SFMoma we got preview tix. Oh how we've missed you, MoMa, but you came back bigger, brighter and bolder than ever. As with the opening of the DeYoung, I was almost brought to tears....now we have another world class museum. Truly spectacular and worth waiting for!My deepest admiration goes out to all who worked so hard and for so long to bring this to us locals, and to visitors to our fair city!
It's been a long wait (4 years?). Stopped by yesterday with the member preview ticket and it was worth every penny. The new SFMOMA is now one of my favorite museums to visit. Their Ellsworth Kelly collection is amazing, and the building itself is one giant piece of art. Don't miss the Richard Serra piece on the first floor. Walk through the concrete walls and feel the path twists in front of you.I'll be back. Prob multiple times a week. Thank you SFMOMA and the philanthropists behind it who made the whole thing happen.
We finally got to see the new museum after waiting three years for it to re-open, and BOY WAS IT WORTH THE WAIT!  I smiled all the way through the new building.  The exhibits and the building itself are so impressive.  This little town has a lot to be proud of now, with the largest modern art museum in the country.  San Francisco!  Who would have thought?!  Congratulations to all involved; it is truly spectacular.
Nice new spaces. More room for more art is good! But some of the galleries seem a bit cramped. And since I was a long time member of the previous incarnation, most of these pieces are not new to me. The whole thing left me a little underwhelmed. NYC MOMA is still the gold standard for me. Still, I am glad to have access to this museum again. I'm sure we will end up visiting more frequently, now that there will potentially be more to see.
I had a chance to see a sneak preview of the new museum (opening soon) and I was blown away by the new SFMOMA. Beautifully designed spaces. They must have double the square footage. The Fisher Collection, among others, is nothing less than impressive. So happy the SFMOMA is officially re-opening soon, so I can spend even more time exploring. We're lucky to have a museum on par if not above what's out in the global market. Thank you San Francisco!
Exhibits are fantastic. Security staff is unprofessional and strange - following people around, interrupting art viewing to ask if you're doing ok, talking amongst each other loudly about taking breaks and other stuff. Never seen this kind of thing at a museum...
The husband and I went there today for a member preview day and it was definitely worth the wait.  We were determined to go before opening day because we figured it would be kind of insane after being closed for such a long time. There is SO MUCH to see, it's definitely worth the $100 bucks for unlimited visits for a year as a member.  They've also seemed to have expanded the store and have some truly awesome things in there.  Bring your comfy shoes because seriously...7 floors of art.  The graphic design exhibit they have right now is AMAZING and was the highlight of the visit for me.  The only reason I give 4 stars  is because I wish they would invoke some kind of no cellphone policy because people like to stand in front of exhibits with their stupid phones trying to get the perfect shot when hey, I'M TRYING TO LOOK AT THE ART DAMNIT.  I have no qualms with walking in front of them though so there's that.  One good thing is that they do ban selfie-sticks.  Thank you MOMA, I'll be back soon.
