Really more like 2.5 stars, rounded up to 3.I was REALLY looking forward to the opening of this museum as I am very interested in all things pertaining to SF history, unfortunately this place needs a little work IMHO.Anyone familiar with this city knows what a fascinating, rich history San Francisco has but much of what you would expect to see is missing here. At the same time there are entire rooms devoted to celebrities whose SF connections are tenuous at best. For example, Lucille Ball and Barbara Streisand are not exactly names that spring to mind as "San Francisco" personalities yet they each figure prominently here, simply because they filmed here at one point in their careers. (To be fair Streisand's "What's Up, Doc?" is a MUST see for anyone who enjoys seeing SF locations on film).Meanwhile, I approached the "Haight Ashbury/Summer of Love" installation expecting to see some killer artifacts from legendary SF bands like The Grateful Dead, Janis Joplin, Jefferson Airplane, et al. Instead I found a room done up like a teenager's bedroom, with Beatles(?) and Jimi Hendrix(?) posters on the wall.On the positive side there is some good material on more appropriate topics such as the Gold Rush, the '06 Quake and Fire and Emperor Joshua Norton. In addition it must be mentioned that the museum is still a work in progress and there seem to be new installations in the works and coming soon. I'm sure like any museum it will take some time to build a really impressive collection.Finally (but importantly) the price is right, at 5 bucks a head I did feel like I got my money's worth.In short, don't expect great things but if you're a tourist beginning your visit to San Francisco and start by dropping into the Welcome Center (which is run by a VERY friendly and helpful staff, I might add) it's certainly worth a few dollars and about an hour of your time to get a quick (albeit incomplete) intro to the history of the City.
Dropped in briefly for a look see.  The welcome center is on the second floor while the museum is on fourth floor.  Museum is not open to the public yet.  Still under construction.There's a narrow doorway entrance into the lobby.  You can either take the elevator up or the stairs.
