Will the people just please ah please ah please stop to complain!  One person say took him/her less ten minutes to see!  You did not listen to the docent talks!  Takes me thirty minutes!  Ah yes, watched a film of sea lions, that takes another ten minutes, so now is forty minutes!  How can he/she took only ten minutes when takes me first visit thirty minutes, next visit forty minutes!Plus is child friendly!  Can touch the sea lion skins!  How much more child friendly can it can that be!  Most museums guest not allowed touch exhibits, here the person can touch sea lion skins, that is child friendly right there!
It's just an area where the Sea Lions gather. It's cool to see them wrestle for space, but you're also going to have to push through tons of tourists. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way, but if you're in the Fisherman's Wharf area (especially for the awesome Musee Mecanique), you might as well swing by and see some cute sea lions.
The Sea Lion Center overlooks the barking hordes of sea lions sunning themselves to the delight of tourists from all over the world.  When you walk inside, you'll notice that it's a little on the sparse side.  There is a huge shark hanging from the ceiling, and a cool sea lion sculpture towards the back.  Educational displays and photos adorn the walls and the center of the room.For the little ones, they can touch and feel the fur of a sea lion and a northern fur seal.  If you want a souvenir, the usual magnets, shirts, hats, coffee mugs, and stuffed animals are for sale.  There's even a photo booth next to the cash register.The only reason why this isn't a one-star review?  It's free.  The real show is outside!
Nice little place to stop and check out the sea lions. The center has a spot which over looks the floats the sea lions hang out on. Not many during the summer, but still worth it to visit especially if you have kids. The only downside is that the whole area is unshaded so it can get hot and the sun will drive you off before your interest in the cuties wains. The center itself does not have much to offer, it is mostly a free place that you can go check out for a few minutes.
Amidst the hustle and bustle of Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf is the Sea Lion Center. It's a pretty standard stop on your tour of SF. It's fun to see them up close and personal and not in a zoo environment where you feel bad for them although with all the people around it has the same type of vibe. Just be aware that during the summer the Sea Lions aren't around in the numbers you might be anticipating.
Luckily, my visit to San Francisco coincided with the grand opening of the Sea Lion Center. The Aquarium at the Bay had just opened up this place as an educational center to learn more about the animals I'd seen just outside. They've got loads of materials and informational things about Sea Lions.      In addition to a full scale sea lion skeleton, they've got maps of Sea Lions as they're located all around the world, they've got hands-on Sea Lion Pelts that you can pet and see how their skin and fur feel. There's also a nearly up to date model of a great white that's been seen in the area. In addition, they give lectures on various natural subjects, and willingly answer just about any question you can throw at them.     The people here are very nice, and very informative. I feel that this really is a great thing to have to bring meaning and understanding to the fascinating creatures honking and making noise just outside.     Prior to this, I would go to pier 39, take a photograph or two, and head back home. Now I can do that and then learn about the animals. Entertainment with a side of education is very cool.
I loved watching the sea lions! The Center, however, was just a gift shop. It has a sign promising presentations every hour about sea lions. I went and the person working there was in the presentation area but just stood around waiting for me to leave. Pretty frustrating. I guess he doesn't care about educating people about sea lions very much, especially if it's the last presentation of the day.
