Do not be scared to revisit the child in you, because trust me when I tell you that you'll thank yourself for it later! Seward Slides is such a simple joy. You grab some cardboard, you walk up the hill, sit on the cardboard, & race your friend or any little human down the concrete slide! You probably have a better chance of beating your friend.. So I'd say leave the little humans to their own races and you to your races. Good city favorite that can have you pass off as a local. Hurry along, yelpheads.
So fun! Manned with some cardboard the hubs and I were ready to slide!! Unfortunately, for some reason the slides were closed. However, the hubby and I rode the half that was open and that was fun! I can't imagine how much more fun it would be with the whole slide open. I googled and googled hoping to give a good tip to yelpers about how to find out the current status of the slides to no avail. The only way to find out would to call someone nearby to check for you which of course is nearly impossible. Warning: watch your footstep- My hubby stepped on poop while we were there. Seriously, pick up your doggies poop please???!!
I went here with my friend during my birthday just to check out and unfortunately, the slides were closed...Even though I didn't get the full experience, it was interesting seeing this park in the middle of this neighborhood. The houses were beautiful. The place was quiet.I'd love to come back here again!
This place can be hard to find since its in the middle of a residential area. We came around 5:10pm on a Saturday and they were already closed!! Someone puts gates up at the top, middle and bottom of the slide so you really can't ride it all the way. We still climbed in and rode it from the middle to the bottom, but I'm sure it's not as fun as riding it from the top.Will come again next time I'm in SF!
Whodathunkit?! Two concrete slides tucked away in a rather random place in SF, but I loved it. Went here with my wife and two kids and we ALL had a ton of fun. We stayed for about an hour or so and hung out with the other families that were there. Everybody was nice and everybody took their turn. I'd plan for an hour if you have any young kids. BRING A CARDBOARD BOX FOR YOUR SLED. Also, no bathrooms on site.Pro Tip: Put wax paper on the bottom if you are fancy. We were there and a kid had done this and his slide was significantly faster than everybody else's cardboard sleds.Also worth noting that you should be good to the neighbors, as these slides are in the middle of a residential neighborhood.Price: FREEHours: 6am to 10pmAddress:30 Seward StSan Francisco, CA 94114Accessibility: Limited Wheelchair AccessParking: NoRestrooms: NoFrom the website:Two long, steep concrete slides are the main attraction at this hidden gem. They're not for tiny tots, nor for the faint of heart! If you decide to slide, please remember that the park closes at sunset and adults must be accompanied by children. Bring a piece of cardboard and wear sturdy pants!Built in 1973 on a plot slated for development, the mini-park also has a community garden and a nice collection of native plants. The slide was designed by 14-year-old Kim Clark, who won a competition put on by sculptor Ruth Asawa.
NEVER GROW UP!It doesn't matter how old you are- get your bottom outside and go see these slides! They are such a fun, simple reminder to hold onto your playfulness and embrace your inner-child.We came by on a weekend and thought we would possibly have a wait to go down the slides, but we ended up being the only people there. For a while, at least. It was perfect!Like the children we are, we grabbed some cardboard from a nearby recycling bin, and sprinted to the top of the slides. Be careful, though! It is a steep incline and somewhat slippery. We went down the slides time and time again, and laughed every single time. It was silly and wonderful and exactly what we needed. It wasn't too long before some other families came by with their literal children, so we got lucky in that we were able to enjoy it by ourselves for a while.It is sandy at the bottom, so be prepared to have sandy shoes.Anyway, this is a hidden gem of San Francisco, and I will always recommend this to people. Oh! There are also specific hours that the slides are closed down by the city. They will close the slides by putting a bar across them at three different points: top, middle, and bottom. So there is no way to go down them after hours. Just something to keep in mind.
Went to the slides this weekend and they were closed :( Also, they were a lot shorter and less fun than I expected. Probably won't make a second trip back over to them.
When was the last time you went exploring around your neighborhood? What a cute gem in the middle of the Castro District! My boyfriend and I decided to go for a walk. He generally knew where these slides were located, but we wandered around for awhile before finally stumbling upon the Seward Street Slides. They're so adorable and picturesque. It was raining when we went, so the mini park was empty and the slides were closed, but nevertheless it was a joyous experience. This definitely encouraged me to get out more!
The simple things in life are the best. How can two concrete slides be so fun?As other reviewers have said, they are hard to find. We took the muni to the Castro district, put the address "30 Seward St." into our maps app, and it got us there. Lots of walking through a neighborhood, but looking at all the houses and details in the architecture was well worth it. It was also nice to see the residents bringing home groceries and fiddling around in their garages. Definitely not on most tourists' agendas. Its well deserved classification as a mini-park holds true as all there is are the two slides. And that's all there needs to be. Amazing.
This was one of the best things we did while in San Francisco. So much fun to act like a kid again. I recommend sliding down on a smaller piece of cardboard so you don't get stuck half way down like some of the other "children" that visited the slides. Parking can be tough, but we were lucky to pull right up and find a spot. If you don't have cardboard to slide down on (we didn't) there is some there, and sometimes other visitors will have some and let you use it. The walk up is steep, but worth the thrill!
What a great find totally hidden in a residential area! When you get there, the slides don't look like much, but when you grab a piece of cardboard (and I suggest you do) and slide down, it's actually really fun and you remember why you went to the park as a kid all the time. Protip: grab some sand with your cardboard, carry it up the slide, pour it on the slide, sit on your cardboard and you'll be sliding down super fast! If you're going super fast, jump off at the end otherwise you will end up with an awkward landing. Another protip: keep your elbows and arms close to your side. The slide is really narrow and made of concrete and you could scrap some skin off (take my word on this).Overall though, it's really fun! Definitely worth a stop when you get a chance!
This was the highlight of the trip for our kids. We were lucky to find some parking because parking could be pretty tricky. This is some good old fashioned fun! I have never seen concrete slides like those before. You go down on cardboard, but the kids often lost the cardboard. Your pants can get pretty beat up so don't wear ones that you would be upset to get holes in. If you want to go fast, wear waterproof slippery workout pants. One boy was flying down the slide because of those pants. Next time we are in San Fran we will stop again. Super fun!!!!
One of my favorite places in the city...Which is saying a lot, because it's a pretty long list when I think of all the things I love in S.F.Even though I've lived here forever (Southern Marin and San Francisco), I hadn't ever gone down the slides until I was a mom and wanted to have a fun afternoon with my husband and fearless kid.So awesome. We went late on a weekday afternoon and had the whole place to ourselves. We had forgotten to bring cardboard, but we were pleased to see a whole selection of different sizes and shapes of the stuff at the bottom of the slides!I can't recommend this highly enough for a fun, free and pretty darn exhilarating way to spend part of your day.
Unique and worth visiting once. Bring cardboard
SO FUN! On a recent business trip, my coworker and I needed a little break in the day. Seward Street Slides came up in our search, so we headed over. SOOO fun to ride down these slides - literally in the middle of a neighborhood. Previous sliders had left cardboard, so all we had to do was pick up a cardboard box, make our way to the top and sliiiiiiiiiide down! Was the perfect break to the day - always fun to feel like a kid again - even if it only lasts for 10 minutes. (:
The gates were closed :(The day we were here, the gates were up so you could not make the whole run. BooOut of nowhere, on a residential street, there's a little park in the trees. Before you can even see it, the sound of children laughing and screaming can be heard bouncing off the houses. Though the sign warns this is a park for kids and you should not enter without one, I did not have one with me and renting one seemed like a bad idea. Offering a parent cash for their kid might work as their leaving Wal-Mart but now in the quiet little hoods of San Francisco. Breaking the law, I entered.What fun! The kids were having a blast on this so, not safe, concrete, winding slide. Sadly, the snake like side has gates built in, preventing riders to easily enter, embark, make a run and disembark. That did not stop the half dozen kids whose parent lifted them over the side. Good job bucking authority. I wanted my turn but the kids were having such a great time, I did not want to take that away from them.I'm sure this is a 5 star adventure for it's thrill seeking nature, hidden gem and that it's free. But on my sad and kid free day (no, not free kids), it was closed. And for that, I give you a 3. I'll be back to play again. Anyone have a kid they want to rent so I don't get in trouble?
Guaranteed pleaser for all young-at-hearts. Bring your own cardboard.
Channel you inner kid or bring a kid of your own.  Either way you will have a great time here.  These slides have been here for nearly 30 years, and still, even SF residents do not know of their existence.  Usually there is a piece of cardboard laying around that you can just grab.  But if your taking a trip up here specifically to do this I would plan ahead.   You wont spend a lot of time here as there is not much else to do at the park.  So after a good 10 minutes or so you will probably be ready to leave.  But there is so many other things to do around that this should just be one stop on any adventure.   When it has rained recently there is usually a puddle at the bottom of the slide.  Be warned.  Just be sure to race side by side with whom ever you are with.  Enjoy!
Once again, San Francisco shows what an awesome place it is, and how there are untold surprises lurking all over to be found.A few months after I moved here, I heard the rumors...  There's a giant slide hidden around The City.  Giant Slide, ya say?  Huh?  Sounds cool.  I stumbled upon the slides over on the West-side of Bernal Heights.  Ehh...  Nothing special.  So, I thought I solved the mystery, and I moved on.  Now, I probably could have Googled "Giant Slide in SF".  I didn't.  So it wasn't until I saw a Yelper check-in that I realized I still hadn't found these guys.  I had to go see these ASAP.  Now, if you didn't know where these slides are located, I doubt that you'd find it.  They are tucked way up on the top of the hill on Douglass Street looking over Eureka Valley.  It was a good thing I had Yelp with me, because I could have walked right by.As a thirty-something guy, I really shouldn't be afraid to go on a slide.  Let's just say that when you sit at the top, they're a little daunting.  This is no joke.  And, from what I gather, if you are light and get a good amount of speed going, you can get some serious air on the mid-section.  You do want to sit on cardboard, which was plentiful on the day I went.  If you soup it up and use glossy cardboard, and then lay down a little sand, you can really get going.  I wouldn't recommend wearing your nicest clothes since the slide is a bit dirty.  The ride is fun.  It seemed like the rides really varied from person to person - and again, the smaller/lighter, the faster the speed.  Hours are limited, and they put up gates when the slides aren't open.  I wouldn't mess around with trying to go down with the gates in place.
Oh how I love quirky SF! These are must ride if you're in the area. A little, hidden gem in an adorable neighborhood. Be a kid again and ride down the slide! Use or bring cardboard with you to make you go faster and protect what your wearing. That little drop down in the middle will sneak up on you- watch out!  Don't tell anyone but we did break the rule of "No adults unless accompanied by children." And to that I say, come and get me!
Pretty cool hidden gem in San Fransisco.. Parking is horrible and it's buried in a residential area so be prepped to walk. Bring Cardboard if you can because these slides will tear up clothing (jeans included)  The slides are no joke fast so be prepared.
Um! How Fun is this!!!! Giant concrete slides that you fly down on pieces of cardboard which local kids are more than happy to share just to see an adult go down with them! During our mini vacay to San Francisco, I googled, "Hidden gems of San Francisco" among some pretty neat things, this stood out as something fun my fiancé and I could do together! As soon as his eye's laid upon these giant slides, my big kid of a fiancé ran full speed up the hill to be the first one down! We had a ton of fun playing here for a little while, and cannot wait to bring our three year old on a trip to San Francisco too, to see all the sights, including this one!
Incredibly dangerous, super fast, free, hidden away from tourists- what's not to love about the Seward Street Slides? I've been here a couple of times since moving to San Francisco, and it never disappoints in terms of terror, fun, and bruised tailbones. If you slide down on a piece of cardboard, you'll go much faster- but don't worry about bringing your own cardboard- there are tons of abandoned pieces in the sand at the foot of the slides. So- go, have fun, and watch out for skinned palms.
Where kids can be kids like you were when you were a kid! These slides are so much fun. I took my boyfriend's daughter and her cousin here today and they loved the cement slides---but they couldn't figure our how they existed because "of the safety." what a sad world we live in. These slides remind me of my childhood and are sadly some of the only "favorites" that still exist.Bring cardboard but there usually are scraps lying around. The slides go fast but not scary fast. Apparently there are pretty strict hours and barriers are put up---probably due to the rash of adults that came after hours post drinking. Now--no adults without kids and a ton of rules. No amenities at this small park. Just the slides, down ramps and the stairs.The girls squealed with joy each time they lunched themselves from the top of the slides. Kate and kid approved.
I don't care if you're an adult - you're coming here if you're in SF. This small park is in the middle of a residential area. Looking at pictures of the slides, I thought there was going to be barely any momentum going down, but oh my gosh, this was the fastest slide I've ever been on. Pick up a piece of cardboard that's lying on the ground, sit on it, put your arms up, and slide down and scream. My favorite part is the little steep drop in the middle because it makes it feel like you're on a mini roller coaster.
So much fun! Decided to take a few friends over before the park closed and we had a blast! Definately suggest bringing your own cardboard just in case there aren't any left over from past people but it's a definite must for people and families all ages!
Ahhhh!  I agree with most of the other reviews.  This slide was definitely fun!  We didn't spend a huge amount of time here, but we were also tempting fate since we saw the "No child, no slide" sign and I got nervous, haha.  Parking can be a bit difficult, but be patient and you can find something.  I was definitely afraid my butt was not going to fit on that slide.  I wouldn't wear your "low riders" today!  I went down with cardboard and did pick up some speed!  The climb up can be a little steep, so don't be afraid.  It. Is. So. Worth. It.
It's a gem in the city.  Wanna do something quirky and not-so-touristy? Come out here! I was lucky and found parking right in front but that's not going to usually be the case. Wear jeans, and if you want, bring 1 dollar plastic food trays or steal them from mc donalds (this is what this dude said to us) if you want to fly.  If you're a pansy like me, good 'ole cardboard works.  Apparently if you do it right, you catch air.  Don't be a dummy and wear shorts like me. I was going fine on the slide, and slid OFF the cardboard and went down on my legs.  I got lovely sand-ass rash lol it wasn't bad but my booty was a little red afterwards.
I think it's so funny this park has a sign that says adults cannot enter without kids yet there were only adults here. The slides are truly a ton of fun! In my jeans I had better traction than sitting on a piece of cardboard. It's a short walk from Dolores Park, so if you're in the neighborhood stop by.
Stumbled across this place on yelp while at Dolores Park, made the hilly trek, had a truly lovely time, especially with the slides being steeper than we expected hehe. What a gem :)
This is hands down the best/most thrilling FREE attraction in all of SF. It's a true hidden gem, as you have to hike up a steep hill to get here, but it's SO worth it. Grab yourself a piece of cardboard (highly recommended unless you don't care about ruining your pants) and race your friend down, side by side. Pro tip: Hang onto the cardboard with at least one hand, but keep your knuckles and elbows close to your body so that you don't scrape them against the hard concrete. Or, just wear long sleeves.Part of the fun is testing different cardboard types (not all are created equal!) and seeing how fast you can go. I'm not even an adrenaline junkie, but sliding down this concrete structure was so exhilarating. For just an afternoon, you can feel like you're five years old again. Thank you SF parks & rec for keeping this gem open!
We love it here the slides are high and fast!Dont forget your cardboard and its closed on Mondays!!
super cute, nestled in the middle of a neighborhood. good fun! I do prefer the Berkeley cement slides more, because they are definitely more thrilling if you're over the age of 10 lol - but I had fun! If you're looking for something not as structured, and steeper check out the berkeley ones.
If you've been wanting to unleash your inner kid or just want a break, this place is perfect for you!It's tucked away in a residential neighborhood in close proximity to the heart of the Castro and at first glance, you might be skeptical. I thought the slides looked way dinkier than I had imagined and thought, "How is this going to be exciting?" But then I proved myself wrong. You can go down without cardboard but I would highly recommend either bringing some or swooping on some left at the playground. I tried both methods and you definitely go down way faster with cardboard, which makes racing down the slides more exciting! So what're you waiting for? Head over to Seward Street Slides!
this park is so much fun! it's considered a "hidden gem", and i've discovered this place because of yelp.i came here with my boyfriend one day. it's located in a neighborhood, but still somewhat hidden. parking was no big deal. onto the slides...there are two slides! when we went, there were a few pieces of cardboard lying around the ground. it makes you go much faster as opposed to sliding down without cardboard. great for a little thrill and rush. i definitely want to take my younger siblings here one day. i had a really awesome experience.
A fun, hidden gem in the city - fun for locals and out of towners.  Taking a ride down these slides will bring back childhood memories, as an adult, you'll have a nice little adrenaline rush that you'll go down 4 or 5 times.  There will be tons of "yahoos", woo-whoos", "wooooooooo"  and then you'll scream: "AGAIN!".  When visiting San Francisco, this place is a MUST!
San francisco has many hidden treasures all throughout the city. This is one of their treasures hudden amongst the houses in the hill. Whether youre a child or an adult this little slide is worth the hike about the dreadful san fran hills. Grab a piece if cardboard and take a slide I gurantee that you would wanna go again and perhaps again after that. This lives up the the saying that the simple things in life are the best because it may not look like anything from the outside but its actually quite wonderful.
This is awesome!!!! My cousin brought us here to try out so we took public transportation and carried around cardboard as we did to come here.It's kind of hard to spot. None of us has ever been here so we were really relying on GPS and Google Maps.It's hidden between houses and trees and isn't as big as I thought it was going to be but where else is there a concrete slide and an awesome dip like in the middle here!We had the whole slide to ourselves since noone else was around.I was recommend bringing cardboard but if you're lucky there is already some lying around. After a few slides, you don't really need them though. And leggings will already make you go pretty fast!
Sigh, this was closed... in the middle of the day. Also, the sign says "No adults unless accompanied by a child". Parking is a bit tough. Watch the street signs though, I think street cleaning is between 12-2 on Wed on one side and Fri on the other side.Probably won't return because I'm not allowed to play on the slides :(
#childhoodThis place looks underwhelming when you walk up to it - two slides that go up maybe 15ft? I was hoping for a slide that took me down to Pier 39! But low and behold, the slides are AWESOME and actually extremely dangerous! For sure wear long sleeves because if you don't, you have the chance of ripping the skin off your elbows. You don't need to bring your own cardboard because there's usually a lot just scattered around.*If you have shiny cardboard.. you go WAY too fast! I got a ton of air half way down, thunked back down and flew off at the bottom. It was exhilarating but quite dangerous!
Favourite place to bring out of town guests! Bring wax paper or cardboard and race down the slides! I could easily spend hours here!
Crazy fun for all ages! Even my 75-year mother enjoyed the slides. :) There was already cardboard at the slides so we didn't need to bring any. We went on a Friday and there were just a few smaller kids there who didn't stay long. There are two slides side by side so you can race. This was a fun time!/
Came to slide but slides are locked up. According to signs only closed on Monday and today is Tuesday.  We had to slide in small sections between the barriers just to say we slid on the slides!!!  Parking may be difficult since this is residential area but we managed to squeeze in. Fun in spite of padlocks!!
Sooooo fun!  Bring cheap, plastic trays from the Dollar Store or Smart and Final.  Cardboard works well too.  Be sure to get there before 5pm when they close.  Fun for all ages!
How to Feel Young For 10 Minutes:1) Go to Seward and Douglass.2) Read the sign that says, "No adults unless accompanied by children."3) Get in touch with your inner child right quick.4) Grab a cardboard box from the pile.5) Run up the stairs.6) Be glad that your behind is not too wide for the narrow slide.  (YET.)  7) S-w-o-o-s-h down the slide!8) REPEAT.
There are often more adults here than kids which speaks to the Neverland reputation of San Francisco.  A great place for locals and out of towners to feel like a kid.  There is often abandoned cardboard at the bottom of the slides waiting for a second life.  If you really want to catch some air bring a small saucer.  Don't wear your good jeans because I've seen the demise of quite a few good pairs of pants here.    Check the street cleaning signs before you park and slide.  These concrete slides are tucked away in the middle of a street.  Don't be too loud it is a neighborhood after all, save your screams for the roller coaster.
The Seward Street Slides embody fun in its simplest of forms.You grab a piece of cardboard (strewn around the area), you go down one of the two slides, and then you do it again. You laugh, you form a bond with your fellow sliders without saying a word, and you have a good time. No need for technology or high entry fees -- just let gravity take its course.Still, what's up with the park being closed on Mondays? Those are some hipster Mission hours right there...
You have to wear pants!  I went on a hot day and slipped off my cardboard sled and got a little scuffed up.  Otherwise I'd say you should go.  Really fun, funky little place off the beaten path.  Closed mondays I believe so check it out on a weekend.
Fun. You go pretty fricken fast. Bring cardboard, don't wear nice pants and shoes. Keep your feet up and your arms in (wear long sleeves, even better) because the concrete burn will hurt! The sign says no adults if not accompanied by children ;)
Nothing makes you feel like you have failed life as a San Franciscan like realizing you had no idea something this fun was hiding in the city. Yes, I'm not afraid to admit that I'm a grown adult that loves slides. The park sign says you need to be accompanied by children. However, these are cement slides that take advantage of SF's gravity. I would argue, these slides are not for children as your chances of injury are high. But what do I know? I'm not a parent and I did lots of stuff kids aren't supposed to do today. I'm still here and in one piece! Things you should know:1. Unless you read the instructions of the yelpers here and use GPS you will not find this tiny little hidden park. 2. You are supposed to bring kids. Whatever!3. Bring cardboard, but there may be some left over at the slides.4. Hold on to your cardboard when sliding. Trust me! OUCH. No I don't want to talk about it!5. Parks Department will lock the slides at 5PM. 6. Avoid the grouchy neighbor lady. HAVE FUN!
My friend and I were on an adventure in the city and decided to make a stop at the slides.  Very amusing for a quick visit!  We had a great time racing each other down (although I always seemed to lose...).You have to climb up a fairly steep grade, I'd suggest shoes with good traction (my flip flops didn't work so well).  There was cardboard there for us to use, but it can't hurt to bring your own.  Slides are locked up around sundown, so go earlier in the afternoon.
The past couple of reviews mentioned yellow barricade gates preventing you from sliding, but there was no such problem when we went this afternoon.  I'm guessing the previous reviewers who encountered the gates went after hours?The slides are in Seward Mini Park (emphasis on the mini) - just the slides, a small area with a couple of benches, and not much else.  We were able to find (free) street parking on Douglass St.There was a pile of cardboard at the bottom of the slides, so we didn't have to bring our own.  The slides are short but kind of steep!  Definitely a good idea to wear something with sleeves to protect your shoulders/arms.  Don't wear super nice pants, either, because you might end up shooting off of your cardboard and scraping your legs and butt on the slides.
One of the most fun places I visited in San Francisco !!! Highly recommended to anyone in the area or visitors
We stop by just out of curiosity because we were near by on our way to friends' house. It is not easy to approach and not easy to find parking. The kids loved it at the beginning, but lost interest after three or four times of up and down. We spent some more time there just to enjoy the view of other parties having some fun on the slides and moved on.All in all we stayed here15 minutes. Definitely take a look if you're around, make it part of your rout if you walk the neighborhood (cute neighborhood), or pass by on your way somewhere else, but don't plan on it as a destination by itself.
The park is a little hidden but well worth the search. The kids went down the slide for hours, they had a last. I would highly recommend this place for others.
Fun times :)
Free fun for the kid of heart! It is literally located on the corner of Seward & Douglass St. When you get there, there is a little side staircase that leads you into a tiny park where the slide is. We brought a brown paper bag and a piece of cardboard to go sliding.On a saturday afternoon it was open and there was already a young family there. Little kids were really enjoying themselves but I gotta say as a kid at heart in my 30's, I enjoyed it too! It goes down pretty fast the first time you try it if you aren't prepared for it! I had so much fun I even yelped out in pure enjoyment without remembering I was tucked away in a very residential neighborhood.After a couple of slides we left our cardboard to some very excited kids that were coming in for some sliding of their own.Good clean SF fun. A true hidden gem.
These slides were SO much fun! Safe for adults and kids. Definitely bring your own cardboard. One that is waxy on one side is best so you can slide easier/faster :)
New Years DayThey barricade the slides so no one can go down...But no little iron gate can stop me from going down!Yes they can, my goddamn poor shins, and toes. the little space between the gates give you enough momentum to feel pain, no matter how drunk you still are.Also! someone threw up on the slide on the right, so just a heads up! Throw up slide on the right. hahaha. Please, enjoy yourself! Use cardboard so you can build a great amount of momentum to smash your shins, fingers, and toes up against the yellow gate....Bring a hammer to break open the gate. Don't let anyone stop you from being a child! Nobody!!!! FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDOM!!!
How do you not love a good slide!? As an adult do you really get the opportunity to just feel young and slide down some slides?!Not really!Maybe this experience had a lot to do with me being on vacation..... But dare I say, it was a blast!
Woot!  This place is a hidden gem for sure.  Located right in a neighborhood on a hill the park is basically the slides.We brought some cardboard but ended up using the ones they had there since they were better molded for faster descend =PThis is definitely a fun place to stop by for a good half hour of fun.Tips:- If there are cardboard pieces there, use those since they have been molded for faster descend - If your cardboard keeps slipping out, hold on to it from the front between your legs- There are stairs up the left side (around the bushes) if your shoes have no grip
I have no idea why people are claiming that this is closed. It is closed on Mondays but today is Saturday and my friend and I had a wonderful time here. Wonderful little neighborhood spot all tucked away. Quiet and calm, we had a great time sliding down and taking as many pictures as we could along the way. Hidden gem to be sure!
Sweet!
OMG!!!  WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO VISIT THIS GEM?!  This has been on my SF to do list since hubs first moved here a year and a half ago.  We've never had company excited enough to go with me until my adventurous dad visited and I finally got to experience the thrill of Seward Street Slides!I trusted the yelp app's hours, however the park does not open until 10 am (closes at 5pm).  I think this might be a relatively new measure to ensure the neighbors have some quiet time.  The slides are locked so don't try coming early/late.  Bring your own cardboard and scoop from sand from the bottom pit.  Seriously some of the best fun I've had in a long time.  And it's free.  We were there right at 10 and by 10:30 there was a group.  It was nice to have the place to ourselves, but I also enjoyed seeing other people scream down.
make sure to go when the slides are officially open! otherwise there are bars blocking your slide
We went on monday and it was closed :( :( :(  What a trick!!!I was really upset about this because I was with my boyfriend and his lil sis. We walked a long way to get here and all 3 of us were really disappointed when it was closed.  Actually I started crying.   I have been here at least 3 times and never encountered this problem, so I didn't think of it before departing on the grueling bus/walk journey to the slide.  When I got there, some old woman was tending the garden nearby.  She noticed my crestfallen face and said pretentiously, "Did you check the website?"NO!!! Who checks the website for a playground? Playgrounds should not have websites!!! They are enclaves of fun meant to be discovered randomly and gone to on a whim!  In fact, I googled the slides and could not find a website, it was just sites like yelp!!! This woman had no sympathy for us. She said that it is closed on Monday so the park people can have a day off. I didn't realize there was an attendant or anything like that, but please could they just go back in time and have it open on monday.... :( I live by here but I just wanted my companions to experience the slide. I gave the slide 4 stars for the other times I have been there and had an awesome time.  My tip for going down fast is don't bring cardboard, cardboard is for n00bs who don't wanna scuff up their shoes.  Just wear pants, especially leggings.  I wore leggings just for this occasion and got shut down.  Another tip from my friend who lives near the slides is to bring wax paper instead and you will go SO FAST!!!P.S. I'm 21 and so soon I will not be allowed at the slides on my own.  Thanks a lot park people for closing the slides on monday and ruining my last chance to visit before I have spawn of my own!P.P.S. it also closes after 5. They have weird little yellow gates just for the purpose of making the slide not fun when it is closed.
Remember that feeling in the Legend of Zelda when you place a bomb on a wall and find a "It's a Secret" gold mine?  Yeah, this is kind of like that.   The slides are hella fun!  Grab some cardboard (or maybe a lunch tray?  I'll have to bring one sometime) or find some there, throw a little sand on the slide for more speed and away you go!Most visitors here are super cool and share the cardboard while taking turns racing down the one set of side-by-side slides.  Check out the nice backstory while you are there (or look it up).Tucked away in a quite hillside, this is a neat surprise for part of a fun date.  The park is open from about 10am to 5pm, so if you get there late they put gates at the top, middle, and bottom of the slides, which minimize the fun but keeps the neighborhood quite during respectable hours.Best part...it's free!  Free fun in the city!  Woo-hoo!
Have some cardboard sheets? Grab some and get ready to unleash and attend the inner child release party.... Coolest thing ever...fun slide whose physics of the design allow for maximum velocity after the little twist on the way down. Great for the glutes is the hike back up the hill to start anew and "WEEEEEE!!!" your way to uninhibited glee.
Way so fun :)! Its free. I cannot slide with the cardboard.  I wanna come back :)
This is a cute little place for kids or for adults. Kinda hidden but thats nice becasue not a lot of people know about it and there are no tourist. Slide is pretty scary and make sure to bring a piece of cardboard with you. There is also a little garden up the ally way from the slides that is nice to walk through. It was a lot of fun and I will totally be back soon to conquer the slides.
Foodie partner in crime Farah S. and I have been waiting to do this for over a year and finally we got to try it out. It met all expectations. There's nothing better to do on a sunny day then check this out and let go of all inhibitions! Awesome slides with just enough of a steep grade to get momentum going. Perfect with the right traction-less cardboard. Great workout running up the steps to the top and flying down to the bottom.Adorable looking neighborhood but make sure you don't make too much noise and it helps to bring a kid along to look legit.
Fun, Fast, Dangerous.  Especially with wax paper underneath the cardboard.Bring your kids, bring your wife, and bring your husbands too!  Good times indeed.
These slides are super fun and were pretty steep!! It took us a while to find them though. I think we only found them when we heard children screaming from the excitement.  We had brought our own cardboard to go down the slides, but the children that were already there were sliding down the slides w/o any cardboard. I guess it just depends on how dirty you want your pants to be.  The park doesnt have any set closure time but it does say that it is closed when the sun sets. When we arrived, the sun was setting, but had not set yet.  However, the higher part of the slide had been closed off.  Even though it was partially closed, I was still able to slide down from the mid-way point which was still just as thrilling and fun!
SAND DOES NOT MAKE YOU GO FASTER!!!!!!!!!! Please stop slowing down the slide. Sand, also known as dirt when picked up off the ground, adds friction. As you know, the basic concept of a brake is to add friction to a fast moving object. SAND DOES NOT = BALL BEARINGSWhat does reduce friction? WAX PAPER. Wax paper and a very, very CLEAN slide. If you want to go faster tell people to stop gumming up the slides and start waxing it again, it will build up, and regain the lore it used to have. Right now you can't even get to the end of the slide without scooting your ass inch worm style then picking up your cardboard and walking off. Please excuse all the caps, I made an exception for this post in hopes that we can stop this very frustrating bone head trend.Also, please add this information to your post or mark this as a useful post so it won't disappear. Thank you!!!!!
A word to the wiseDon't wear khakis while going down the slide a day after a rain stormyelp.com/biz_photos/jsZQ…If you can locate these slides you're sure to have a blast.
Well we went there on a Monday and kids were so disappointed to find out it was CLOSED. Apparently it is closed on Mondays and the slides had bars on them. The slides did look like they would have been a lot of fun. So I'm knocking one star for not being open on a Monday and another star for no parking or signage. If you are looking for a large sign with the park name - it doesn't exist. And the one man we saw walking into his house had no idea these slides were even there or at least acted like he didn't know. Also there is no parking as it is on one of those tiny side streets in SF.
Slide with cardboard. Slide but lose cardboard mid-slide. Slide without cardboard. Done, done, done.The fact that I wore leggings made it a smooth ride regardless, but definitely bring something to protect your pants. There is usually some cardboard left behind at the bottom of the slides if you don't have cardboard.This place is what you make of it. The slides aren't super huge or steep, but where else can you slide down such large (not to mention, concrete!!) slides as an non-kiddie?! (if you know of a place, please do let me know.) So bring your inner-child and slide, slide, slide, and slide again! And again, and again, and again!Side story: - I was playing tour guide and leading my cousins here from Dolores Park. The walk is less than a mile, but all the hills make it feel much longer. So be prepared for hills if you are walking here.- I have never been here before, so I had no clue where the slides were. I lucked out and found it tucked behind houses and trees. Bring a map and trust your sense of direction.
This was a great little park. The slides give you a little adrenaline rush but are way safer than they look. It's worth a couple slides down. Our whole family went and had a great time. We brought our own cardboard and left some behind for others who didn't bring their own. Parking is a little tight if you have a big car, but it's San Francisco so that's part of the charm. The park has no restroom, so if you have little ones make sure they go before you go to this park. One great feature is that it is FREE. Very nice for families on a budget and looking to make memories.
Probably the best place to bring out of towners! They will obviously know how great San Francisco is by touring around and then this? Icing on the cake.  Brings out the kid in everyone.  The hours of operation are 10am-5pm as what I experienced, don't try to go any other time, it's clearly for your safety.  You can usually find cardboard at the bottom, but it could be dirty, be safe and bring your own.. you will want it.You may have to fight the neighborhood kids to ride, but I'm sure mom and dad will let you have your turn too.
Um, hell yeah. Hell yeah spelled with a capital "fuck yeah". These slides are fun, especially with McDonald's trays under your bottom. Minus one star for closing so early and also because I slid down so fast at one point, my entire body went airborne and I landed down hard. But that's my fault for having weird aerodynamic physiology.
