We stumbled across this beautiful, romantical garden while we were walking in GG Park.The entrance was so pretty, it legit says "Shakespheare's Garden" on the iron gate. This place can be reserved for a wedding - yes, I looked at it while I was looking for the fee for Music Concourse.There is a cobblestone path that has trees lining on both sides & there is a sun dial in the middle.The path ends but you can keep on going to the end of the garden which has a brick wall & iron tablets that have quotes from Shakespheare's famous plays.There are ample seating - benches.There was also a yoga class going on - it's so peaceful.A great place to nap (not by yourself, obvi) - catch up on a book - just taking in the sights & sounds.I recommend it for sure!
I think of Shakespeare as the mastermind of English language; the pre-eminent poet, the god of playwrights, the father of tragedies. Capturing human emotions and overbearing conflict, Shakespeare Garden is every bookworm lover's  d r e a m . The romanticism, the seclude, and raw mother nature can simply entice anyone to this enchanting lair. Gardens have a myriad of symbolic meanings ; ancient Greeks established elaborate flower gardens in the honour of various gods. At Shakespeare Garden, paths of rose gardens and myrtle plants shadow along the walls in recognition to Venus, the goddess of love. That is it, Shakespeare Garden is the garden of  l o v e .The iron archway, the gold leaf ivy, the dark red herringbone brick pathway are just some visual pleasing reasons to wander yourself into San Francisco's best kept secret. An old sundial is present for time keeping just like the classic days, a brick wall with plaques of romantic verses from all of Shakespeare's most beloved writings. Take a lover with you to read these notes, or simply do it yourself. Although such a small garden, one can easily get lost within their own dreams here at Shakespeare Garden. [ t i p ] : best time to visit is Spring and Autumn. Bring a picnic basket and a book for a romantic day to yourself x
Shakespeare once said, "I like this place and willingly could waste my time in it." With my busy schedule, it's tough to find time to have a break anywhere, let alone waste time. That ideal place, for me, is anywhere that's quiet with a blanket and pillow so I can catch up on some zZz's. But, here at Shakespeare's Garden located in Golden Gate Park, it truly is beautiful and serene. This garden is decorated with actual flowers and plants that were mentioned in his plays. There are more than 200 different species of plants that attractively adorn this garden. It also contains a bronze bust of Shakespeare himself. Shakespeare enjoyed flowers so much that this garden and several others around the country were made to mimic Shakespeare's personal garden and to pay tribute to him as well. This garden can also be rented for weddings or special occasions. For those who just want a place to relax and have a picnic  or read a book, this place offers you exactly that. Ahhhh. My kind of refuge from the busy city. Shakespeare also said, "Can one desire too much of a good thing?"Nah!Personally I can't get enough of this place. The thought of a pillow and blanket in this place has crossed my mind, but I might be easily mistaken for an unwanted loiterer and asked to leave prematurely, sooooo I decided against it.Shakespearian quotes can be found throughout the garden as well. Some are located on the four bronze plaques that surround his bust. Originally in 1918 there were six, but now two are missing. Damn, and we wonder why we can't keep anything nice. *rolls eyes*So! If you're ever at Golden Gate Park, Shakespeare Garden is definitely worth a visit. It's so peaceful and charming, you might even want to spend "Forever and a Day" here. And yes, Shakespeare said that as well. It wasn't just the music band, Heat Wave, with their songAlways and Forever.If it were up to me, this is a perfect place to willingly waste some time.
Your own secluded spot right in the middle of SF's biggest park.Our friends got married here on a crisp November morning. The two rows of trees line the wedding aisle. An attractive brick wall, a rustic sundial and charming iron gate all provide this romantic wedding atmosphere that need no additional flowers or lighting. Nature already did the work for you, so you save money on the decor.The addition of a harpist softly playing in the background makes everything so relaxed and dreamy. It's a beautiful place to exchange vows with your future partner.
It's a beautiful enchanted garden ! This cozy gated spot within golden gate park is so very romantic and can truly serve as a charming wedding venue !  The canopy of  wispy trees form a natural alter when you first see the garden . I couldn't stop smiling when I saw the Shakespeare garden gate !  my favorite Shakespeare quotes started running thru my head...   " I do love nothing in the world as well as you  -is that not strange ?"....  " For which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me ?"...."Are you sure That we are awake? It seems to me That yet we sleep, we dream".... Ahhhhh love is so wonderful !  Make sure to visit this lovely scene and get lost in love !
It's a hidden gem near the Academy of Sciences.  I'm reluctant to write anything for fear of over populating it.  We stop here for lunch because it's nice and quiet.
Walking under the archway and into Shakespeare's Garden, you feel in a totally different part of the park. Although situated in the heart of Golden Gate Park (near the Academy of Sciences), the garden is secluded enough and allows for a peaceful visit. I was fortunate to attend a wedding in the garden and it was the perfect place for this mid-morning event. Great location for photos and camping out on the benches to read a book.In my first attempt to find the park, I was lost with the not-so-helpful advice of Google maps. If you are looking for the garden, turn right from the front of the Academy of Sciences and continue down a pathway that leads to a metal gate.
Cutest little secret garden but it is pretty small. Flowers are beautiful, perfect spot for  pictures, and extremely peaceful if you like reading books and just relaxing for maybe a picnic. Also it's pretty hard to find on a gps but its basically on the way to the Japanese tea garden, and theres no sign to go to it, but there is a copper board with titles, and you just walk to the right of it.
A perfect place for a wedding or a picnic.  It's right next to the major tourist draws of the de Young and the Academy of Sciences yet it feels hidden.  It is behind the cafe area of the Academy of Sciences.Bring a blanket and picnic and enjoy the shade of a tree on a sunny day (we do have them).  Have a back up plan on Saturdays though because it is often booked for weddings from May-October.  For weddings, you can reserve the area through parks and rec.  It is one of the more popular venues in the city because of how affordable it is.  If you do want to reserve the space, go in person vs calling on the phone because the person who shows up gets the space if there is more than one party interested.  You can also reserve street parking with your reservation.  From the underground parking garage there is a direct path to the garden as well.
Beautiful little garden that I'd never heard about before - great for taking portraits!
This park is beautiful. Right inside Golden Gate Park and semi-hidden. I love the gate, the different colors that changes with the season, and it's just absolutely romantic. Aside from the Hastings House (I recently reviewed), this is another one of my favorite. We ended up not picking this park for a few reasons. It's hard to find for some of our guests, it's ceremony only, and not that private given that it's a public park and as much as you want to keep it private, people will happen to walk by and look. It's also a tad on the expensive side given the limitations I just listed. Also, I couldn't really find a restaurant we both want to host the reception at nearby this park.We really like this venue, so instead of getting married here, we hired a photographer to take our engagement photos at this park instead.
Beautiful little park hidden nicely between the busier parts of Golden Gate Park. It's the ideal place to relax and enjoy the scenery. The gate and the colorful flowers contribute to the quaintness and romance of this tiny garden. It's no surprise it is such a popular wedding ceremony venue.
Based on the stellar reviews, I was expecting a mystical magicland. I thought there may be a stage or a balcony or something straight out of Midsummer. I was a little disappointed to find it was just a garden. A very pretty garden. A very quaint garden. But  other than the intricate archway marking the entrance, there's nothing particularly Shakespearean about this place. Perhaps I would feel differently after reading one of the bard's plays or sonnets on a blanket on a sunny day, but I'm only in San Francisco for a week, so we'll never know.
Poetry.Much like the Bard himself it's an acquired taste. Not very big and the floral selection is limited, but in a clever touch they are all inspired by Shakespeare's poems.You'll likely appreciate the quiet and reflective charm that makes it an oasis within an oasis within a major city. We departed more relaxed than when we first walked in.Consider it an eloquent escape.
The Shakespeare Garden is beautiful, quaint little garden tucked away next to the California Academy of Sciences. It is often overlooked as the entrance is fairly unassuming if you are walking by at a fast pace. There is no stage nor balcony (as the name would suggest) but it is just a simple garden ideal for weddings, mid day leisurely reading spot or a convenient escape from the crowds of the near by Golden Gate Park.
I am a wedding planner and do over 20 weddings here a year - IT IS SO AWESOME. I never get tired of being here. It really is a secret garden with a whimsical feel. Although you do not need much in terms of decorations, there are small touches you can bring in to jazz it up even more. There are also a few different ways you can layout the floor plan for a ceremony. Just stunning and so affordable for a wedding ceremony venue! SFWeddings.com
This is a cute place for an small wedding (less than 50).  Stand in front of the Academy of Science and take the path on the right of the building.  You're about 50 steps away.  This garden can be private since it has a gate.  Parking is a bit tricky, so look into reserving a few spots through the Parks and Recreation.  I recommend garage parking near the museums.Drawbacks - no bridal changing room, no amplified music, and you would need to rent chairs.  Also, the guests might get lost!  Make sure you set up a wedding website and post lots of pictures and a detailed map.This is for a ceremony only.
Small garden w/ grass and cherry (or some sort of) blossoms lining the walkway.  Was not too crowded, but did see a variety of people come and go while my fiance and I took some engagement photos.  And it's free to visit.  Can't beat that.I know you can also use it as a wedding ceremony venue.  Seems like it would be a private and pretty setting.
This little garden is tucked inside of golden gate park and its the most amazing place for a mini nap.  I stumbled upon Shakespeare Garden by accident after a long day of exploring SF by foot.  It was clean, breezy, and had lots of benches and seating area.  It has rows of beautiful flowers..grass properly maintained..all you need is a blanket, a picnic basket, and a bottle of wine!If you're planning to visit the GG park museums, definitely stop by here, its very relaxing and quiet.  Great place to sit and watch little kids kill insects and bully birds.
Wedding parking reviewI attended a BEE-UTIFUL wedding here. If you reserve the parking spaces in front of the Garden and unassuming and/or rude drivers take your PAID spots, call the park ranger! DPT and the police don't have jurisdiction over the parking in the park. The Park Service is the only authority who can issue parking tickets and get cars towed in the park.
I love love love Shakespeare Garden.  It's close by the touristy museums (California Academy of Science and DeYoung Museum), but still really secluded.  It's very pretty during cherry blossom season, but even when they're not blooming, the garden is absolutely beautiful.A and I like to sit and relax in the garden while we enjoy some snacks.  One time we were even serenaded by a lone guitar player.If you want some tranquility in a busy city, visit the Shakespeare Garden...when there isn't a wedding happening, of course.
I had my wedding ceremony here on June 9th 2012. The weather was perfect and because the garden does not allow amplified sound I went with a harp player. I had a 108 guests and if it was really beautiful and intimate. My husband and I got married in front of the sun dial underneath the trees which made for great picture opportunities. The photographer we went with was able to scout out the area and find all these places in the area for great photo ops. If you get married anywhere in golden gate park....I suggest the Shakespeare garden, but either way, just know you'll have a lot of great backgrounds or pictures all around you. I liked the fact that the bridal party could hide just around the corner as to not be seen by the guests. The Shakespeare gardens really are too beautiful for words so I made sure to supply photos.The only reason that this place gets 4 stars is because of the fact that the wedding before us left their chairs behind. Mind you this was the rental places fault and not the previous wedding party. Shakespeare garden doesn't have a person on site to take care of these sort of things so my bridal party had to move the chairs. BUMMER. I got a credit to the rental company, but who wants to rent from a company that doesn't show up on time??? That being the case I would try and book the first wedding of the day or just make sure that if you are the 2nd wedding of the day you have people to clean up for you if the chairs do not get picked up on time from the previous wedding party.I would defiantly still recommend Shakespeare gardens 100%.
highly recommended spot to visit and to especially do photo sessions at!
Perfect outdoor wedding venue. My wife and I got married here back in October 10, 2010 and it was beyond perfect. The venue is manage through Parks and Recreation and you can reserve the spot one year in advance or less. Surprisingly it was very affordable too!
Wow this place is smaller then I though but it is the most beautiful garden I have ever seen. Just reading up some reviews about hosting wedding here, I can see why people can use the word "perfect" for Shakespeare Garden to host a wedding.
Finally bumped into this nook wedged between the walkway of the botanical garden and de Young. It's serene; I saw a guy meditating inside.  I wouldn't say it's too quiet but there are enough shady trees.
I had my wedding ceremony at Shakespeare Garden in Golden Gate Park this past May 2014.  Amanda is in chage of wedding rentals at Golden Gate Parks & Recreation.  She is absolutely amazing to work with!  She is extremely professional, polite, efficient.  She explained all the possible options in Golden Gate Park as well as all the possible fees and protocols associated.  I highly recommend Shakespeare Garden as an affordable, beautiful, wind-protected ceremony space!
This is such a beautiful garden.  If you're coming here just to enjoy GGP, then this is 5 stars.  I love this garden so much that I rented it for my wedding ceremony in September 2010.When I inquired about details for renting the space for my wedding, I spoke with Amanda over the phone.  Amanda is extremely sweet, knowledgeable, and helpful.  She is the lady to speak with.What I love about the garden:- charming iron gate entrance- 2 rows of adorable trees that line a wedding aisle- rustic sundial- gorgeous brick wall at the end of the garden- sense of privacy and enclosure from the rest of the parkJen L. wrote a great review about the rental logistics.  I would just add that rental time includes both set-up and take-down.  You are also responsible for cleaning up the space and you will need to figure out a way to dispose of any trash.  There are numerous restrictions - no alcohol, confetti/rice, or flower petals (but you can use bubbles as I did).  Also, there is not a space for storing chairs - you will need to carefully figure out logistics and pricing with your chair rental vendor.  For all those reasons, I took off 1 star.Inconveniences:- Major traffic on our wedding day - our florist was late for set-up and some guests were late to the wedding.  We had such a small wedding that it didn't matter in the end.- Strangers may peek in during your wedding.  - Our 4 reserved parking spots were parked in.  We had to get park patrol to lay down the law.  The issue was worked out, but just another thing stress over on a big day.  I hope this isn't the norm and that we just had some inconsiderate and incompetent people parking in our spots.Overall, beautiful garden for a lazy weekend stroll or for a beautiful ceremony/occasion.
I had often seen the street sign along Martin Luther King Drive pointing towards the Shakespeare Garden, but in all my life of living in the City I had never visited the garden until this past Sunday.  It's opportunities like this that I am often most thankful for the volunteer organization, One Brick, because I have discovered so many of San Francisco's parks through them.The Shakespeare Garden was founded in 1928 (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) and sits nestled in a quiet area located beside a walkway and the California Academy of Sciences building (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…).  Among the features of the garden is a huge brick wall (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) located opposite the main gate (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…).  Featured on that brick wall is a bronze sculpture created by George Bullock of William Shakespeare (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…).  The sculpture is often locked behind steel doors due to the threat of vandalism.  At one time there were six bronze plaques like this one (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) embedded into the brick wall.  Each plaque featured literary quotes from Shakespeare's works in relation to the plants in the garden.  Today only four of the plaques exist due to vandalism and theft.  Most of the benches within the garden feature a plaque and is dedicated to a noteworthy San Franciscan.  No bench; however, is as grand as the sculpted stone bench erected in honor of San Francisco botanist, Alice Eastwood (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…).  Eastwood is best remembered for her dedication to her trade; during the 1906 San Francisco earthquake Eastwood was credited for returning to a burning building and saving over 1500 plant specimens some of which are exclusively planted within the California Academy of Sciences in her honor.We were told by the two San Francisco Rec and Parks Department gardeners that the Shakespeare Garden is a very popular spot for weddings beginning in the spring.  There is a brick walkway (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) and (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) under an umbrella of crab apple trees featuring an antique sundial (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) located between the main gate and the brick wall.  On some dates as many as five weddings have been booked in the garden.  Our task for this project was to eliminate all of the weeds within the garden, tidy up the dirt beneath all of the benches, clear borders and trim edges around the many plant beds and rake away all the fallen leaves that had accumulated on the garden's soil beds.As we often do we took on the tasks and completed them in record time.  The gardeners were thankful.  This bird (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) was thankful.  These flowers (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) and (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…) were thankful as well.  Many of the garden's visitors stopped by to thank us personally that morning for cleaning out the weeds and beautifying the soil.The Shakespeare Garden is open to the public except when a wedding is taking place.  Check it out now while the blossoms on the crab apple trees are just beginning to bloom (yelp.com/biz_photos/8TKW…).  The bust of William Shakespeare is only unlocked in the presence of parks personnel however.  I know I'll be back next month hopefully to introduce some new plants to the garden.  You can join us through the One Brick website.
LOVE IT. Perfect for a private wedding (well, there are people who look down from the walkway...) that can fit 200 people. I love that it's gated so it gives a more intimate vibe. I love that it has the brick area in the front where I was able to put a chuppah (type of arch) to make the garden more dreamy :) I also love the beautiful walkway into the garden with the trees and flowers on the aisle. The trees allow for good shading for your guests as well.The only little tiny thing I would change in the sundial in the middle of the aisle, but I know it is significant to the garden.Parking in the Golden Gate Park is always a no-no but all my guests found some and came on time! Therefore, just remember to tell your guests to leave their homes early! We put out signs and we booked the 4 front parking spots so everything worked out perfectly.Thanks, Shakespeare Garden! You are..."to be" and there is no question.
Stopped by on a Saturday afternoon to check out the garden as a ceremony only site. Lucky for us there was a wedding that was going to happen in a couple hours so we could see what it looks like set up.We didn't make an appointment with anyone to take a look since the garden in open to the public. If you do have your ceremony here, there will be passersby (like I was) who can view you ceremony.With anything in SF, the weather and parking is unpredictable. We visited in July and it was cloudy and cold (check out the pics).The place is perfect for an intimate ceremony with everyone in a contained area. I couldn't really explore too much in the front since guests were arriving and I didn't want to impose too much.Not sure capacity or cost, but I want to say it's like $500? Not sure for how long. You'll probably have to rent your own chairs. There's no bathroom close by or changing room.
I came here for a small, private wedding.  It was very cute, though some curious tourists on Segways peeked over the metal fence from the California Academy of Sciences side, and at least one hobo was spotted behind another metal fence. These fences are masked by the foliage in the garden.Parking is not fun on a Saturday afternoon.
GG Park was an absolute mess for Labor Day weekend.  I came to attend a wedding ceremony on a gloomy day but the garden was still beautiful.Parking is horrendous, sound is a bit difficult to project, but the aisle lined with trees is absolutely adorable. S Z. is right you dont need to splurge on decorations because this place is full of foliage that really enhance the ambiance.
I thought the opening of the Academy of Sciences was going to make this spot less appealing to visit and more crowded, but it hasn't. It's still a nice little tucked away hiding spot for you to read, nap, and picnic. The one thing that the Academy of Sciences did bring to this spot is the loud screams and laughter of children playing on the opposite side of a row of trees at the Academy. It's not too bad though, and I'm thankful they kept the surrounding trees to keep Shakespeare's Garden "hidden".This spot is a perfect spot to get married though...although I wonder how much you gotta pay to rent it out...hmmm??? In the off chance that you walk by and catch a wedding going on make sure to snoop! It's fun!Ah, Golden Gate Park itself is such a treasure, so definitely grab some food from the nearby 9th and Irving area, pack a blanket and chill at Shakespeare's Garden.
This is certainly a beautiful little park! I could have done without the strangers staring at me while I used the restroom, however.
Shakespeare Garden in an enchanting and tranquil little garden not far from the chaos of the Academy of Science.  Tucked away along a path behind a wrought iron gate, this place is romantic magic.We held our wedding here in August.  It was perfection.  Arched trees line a brick path lined with flowers creating a stunning frame & entrance to the garden & any processional.  Most days it's sunny in the afternoon, however on our wedding day the fog didn't burn off.  No worries though because a few blankets for guests fixed the chill and it was still a stunning location.It is one of the more popular wedding ceremony locations in the city, so its best to reserve 1 year in advance if you want a specific day.  We chose a nonstandard day and didn't have a problem reserving 6mo out.  Working with the Park & Rec division was super easy.  Overall cost for 3hrs of reserved time plus parking was $700.  That's cheaper than a private space in City Hall on the 4th floor.  Yes, cheaper!Positives:- So pretty you don't need to add any extra decor- Super affordable- Quiet and fairly private as far as public park spaces go- Great photo ops in the garden, and near other great photo locations in GGP Negatives:- Even if you reserve spots through Park & Rec people will park in them, and park ranger wouldn't tow anyone.- Nearest bathrooms are a 10min walk away- You will definitely have spectators, although people are respectful
I absolutely love this garden. It's close to my house but tucked away so that it is never super crowded. It's always super tranquil and there are never a lot of people. On second thought... Don't go. I want to keep it to myself.
A a long-term San Francisco resident, I knew wanted to use what this beloved City of ours had to offer and have an outdoor wedding in the City with lots of greenery that didn't eat up most of our budget. It also brought our floral budget down because we didn't need to add anything to the site. We just had Shakespeare's bust opened the day, GG Park had already taken care of the flower patches along the brick aisle, and we were good to go.It costs us $750, which is quite cheap compared to other city venues. I can't remember how it breaks down to cost/per hour, but if you call the office they are very accommodating and will give you all the information you need (I often found the info on the website a bit confusing about how to retain the permit). We also had to submit a $500 deposit (a check they later sent back to us). Yes, a passerby or two or five came by, but they were good about staying outside the gate and just peeking in. One woman walked by me as I stood out there alone as the bride waiting for my queue to walk the aisle (Dad had gone in to check on timing). My spank skirt had risen and the tag was popping out at my lower back (I had a backless dress). So after she asked me if she could take my photo because she said the lighting was so beautiful on my veil, I asked her if she would reach up my wedding gown and pull down my spanx. I figured we could help eachother out (she getting my photo, she pulling down my spanx. And she ended up emailing me those great photos. :-)You may want to give yourself some padding time wise on either side of your ceremony as some days two weddings book. This is why we booked our wedding on a Friday. All the Saturdays were booked up, as was Sunday (since the date was 10/10/10). And while the Blue Angels flew overhead, we loved every minute (we planned it that way to excite our guests for the boat we chartered on the Bay the next day for all our out-of-town guests to watch the Blue Angels. Fun!)We also rigged up a sound system with a battery-operated generator, which the park ranger wasn't thrilled about, but what were we to do trying to compete with the Blue Angels flying overhead. They say that no amplified sound is aloud, but we bent that rule, had a sound system so that we would have microphones for our vows, and so that everyone could hear our acoustic live quartet.All in all, it was incredible. October in San Francisco is THE TIME. It was like 80 degrees, blue skies, the Blue Angels, simple nature in this extraordinary city...it was the best decision we made and it benefits the City by the Bay that we so dearly love, so book it!
The Shakespeare Garden in Golden Gate Park has to be one of the most quintessential gardens I have ever seen. It's as if you awoke in a garden that Cinderella herself attends too. It reminds me of the last scene in Knotting Hill where Julia Roberts is laying on Hugh Grant's lap reading a book, just picture perfect, throw up in your mouth romantic. The garden is located near the busy California Academy of Sciences, yet it still retains a quiet laid back vibe. The garden is really never busy unless a wedding is happening. It's popular in the spring for early afternoon weddings as its inexpensive (about $550 for a 2 hour ceremony) and you don't have to decorate as the park speaks for itself. I contemplated having a wedding there, until I remembered the unpredictable weather in San Francisco in October, but it would have been just lovely. I love the garden to relax in on a warm day. You can pack a picnic lunch and chill on a blanket, read a book on a bench, or stare at the beautiful trees and flowers and be lulled asleep by the soft park breeze. If you need to learn a bit on your visit, the huge brick wall opposite the garden's wrought iron gate entrance has a bronze sculpture of William Shakespeare and 4 of the 6 original plaques featuring literary quotes by Will (the other 2 were stolen/vandalized). Also, check out the benches closely as each is dedicated to famous San Franciscans and tell a bit of that person's history. This lovely garden is a magical place not to be missed. If you have ever seen a park in a movie and thought, "that doesn't exist in the real world", this place will prove you wrong. It's absolutely lovely and Martha Stewart would give it two thumbs up!
I wondered into Shakespeare Garden one day after leaving Academy. I was really trying to find the Japanese Tea Garden, which I'm sure is a lot better. Still, its hard to dislike anything about Golden Gate Park. Shakespeare's Garden is just a small, flower-decorated nook that's nice to take a break at.
I was wandering around Golden Gate Park one day when I came across this garden and all of its beauty. I sat here for about two hours and took it all in, writing, reading, contemplating life. It was very nice. The wall in the back has plaques with Shakespearean quotes on it, which was also a nice little surprise. I plan on going back and having a picnic here.
So peaceful and beautiful. I can see why people like to use this garden for weddings! My husband and I stopped by here before 9am one weekday morning, and the entire place was ours. It was wonderful! Definitely a must-see if you're visiting San Francisco. Also, worth looking in to if you're looking for a gorgeous wedding venue!
While enjoying Golden Gate Park I saw signs for the Garden of Shakespeare, I thought this is going to be good.  I like Shakespeare and I like gardens what's not to love right?The day I went I think the flowers in the garden was taking a nap, nothing was awake, it was all just greens, no color, nothing in bloom.  I did however enjoy the sundial and walking under the archway made by the branches of what I think were cherry blossoms but I can't remember now since the sun in San Francisco fried my brain.  The Garden is very green and tranquil and I could see why people would pick this spot to get married or just pick this spot to relax and get away from the rest of Golden Gate Park, be sure to check it out the next time you're in the area.
Out of nowhere, a secluded spot in the sun appeared.  We were walking by the new California Academy of Sciences, and happened to wander past the Shakespeare Garden.  Behind the wrought-iron gate that hid nothing, was a nice green lawn with a brick walkway down the center.  Trees flanked the walkway.  At the far end was a brick pavilion, with a brick wall facing it.  On the wall were bronze plaques with Shakespeare quotes.  In the center of the wall was a place that was obviously reserved for a portrait of the Bard himself, but which was covered with a pair of barred and painted doors.  It would have been nice to see the wall when the doors were opened.  We talked a bit about creating a garden like this in our home, and how a good estate would have one at least this size.  We reflected on the homes of Hillsborough, where this would be a perfect fit.  Then we were grateful to have this garden, in this place, for our enjoyment today.
We held our wedding reception in Shakespeare Garden in October 2009. The setting is beautiful; our guests commented on how lovely it was. We used the center, tree-lined path as our "aisle" and the far end of the path as our "altar." At about 4 pm, the lighting was beautiful, and our ceremony went off without a hitch!The process of booking the space was simple...we just called, made a reservation, and sent our (very cheap) payment. Then, on the day of, we showed up. Very easy, stress-free and lovely!If you want an initmate, natural, and gorgeous space for your wedding ceremony, choose this garden.Some cons: if the Cal Academy of Sciences is having a techno party next door, you might get some ambient noise (we did). Also, you should probably plan on having one or two of your friends shoo out any looky-loos before, during, and after the ceremony if that matters to you (it's a public space, so people will be in and out). Also, you gotta speak up when you're saying your vows - there's no amplified sound allowed.
The Shakespeare Garden is wonderful for intimate wedding ceremonies. There's lots of great nooks and crannies within the garden, and a great location for photo opportunities. Not only is the garden itself beautiful and quaint, but since it's situated within the massive Golden Gate Park, there are so many nearby areas to take photos with the wedding party or for just the bride and groom portraits. I photographed a wedding here a few weeks ago and got some lovely images both within the garden and in the nearby Japanese Tea Garden. Check out the photos here: hannahsuh.com/blog/san-f…
This place is under construction but I will give it the benefit of the doubt.  It was quite peaceful and pretty despite all the work being done.  What a lovely spot in the middle of a large city.  It's worth a stop off if you are in the park!  It's conveniently located near the deYoung Museum and the California Academy of Sciences and the Japanese Gardens!  Take a walk with the family and stop by!
When I saw the Shakespeare Garden in person for the first time, it was love at first sight.   It is perfectly secluded place to get away from the noise of the city it's also perfect to get away from the noise of the rest of Golden Gate Park itself.  It's that quiet and calm.  Other notes of interest, the garden is full of, of course, flowers and plants mentioned in many of Shakespeare's works and was designed in 1928 by the California Spring Blossom and Wildflower Association and more specifically by Alice Eastwood, a long-time director of botany for the Academy of Sciences.  There is a stone bench in the back right side of the garden which is dedicated to her.  The wrought iron gate was donated by the Beach Blanket Babylon theatre group, and in the back there is a bust of Shakespeare which is typically locked up to prevent vandalism, but if you're having an event there, you can request to have it opened up. My favorite part of the whole garden is the sundial, though.  It reads "I count only sunny hours" on it's face, which is cheesy and apparently common on sundials, but I still think it's adorable and sweet. :)
I recall discovering this hidden garden in the 4th grade when my class had to do compose a Romeo and Juliet production for the rest of the Argonne Elementary student body. This garden is beside the Academy of Sciences and there's a small brown sign with an arrow that points you to the direction. As you can see from the pictures, it is a simple garden with a few benches and open space to sit (as long as the grass isn't wet). There isn't much dedication to Shakespeare. The sundial in the middle of the garden is almost useless since it is always foggy and cloudy. Climate-wise, be sure to dress warm because you don't know when the sky wants to change mood.
For those who are thinking of have a wedding here, below is the skinny...Per Amanda (Mandy) L., rep for weddings at Shakespeare, and Gloria J., who were both extremely helpful:- Rental of space: the first 2 hours = $550 [$350 reservation fee + $100 per hour (2 hr min)] ; each additional hour is $100- Parking spot reservations: can reserve a max of 4 cars spots on MLK = cost $50- Public parking structure: Music Concourse, meant for the California Academy of Science attendees (so be weary of free weekends)- Rules of the park: leave nothing behind, including garbage, or you w ill be fined (there is a $500 cleaning deposit)- Recycling/garbage bins: there is a standard garbage can near the entrance but do not stuff it; also the dumpsters in the back of Shakespeare is not up for usage - basically you're hauling your own trash- Paperwork/receipt: date and hours of reservation will show up in your final receipt, along with parking passes if you requested any- Payments: 20% down after first week; full payment + cleaning deposit 6 months prior to your wedding (if the park is clean and nothing is broken, the cleaning deposit will be returned back to you)You have to admit, this R&P location is really inexpensive for what you get, but of course always take parking into consideration when reserving.Potential tip: if your ceremony is in the morning or afternoon, check who has reserved the other half and see if you can work out a deal with them on rental of furniture/decorations.  I have yet to do this so will update if it works! :)More info: sfrecpark.org/docs/Weddi…
This place is a beautiful place for a wedding. I had mine here in October and couldn't have been more pleased. The weather was good and the flowers and trees were still lively. The best part is that it's pretty cheap because it's a public park, $500 for the first 2 hours. AND you can reserve parking for 2 cars in front of the place for $100. The bad thing was there were spectators that had the nerve to stay and kinda loiter on the benches at a private wedding. There were supposed to be rangers patrolling but they were nowhere to be seen...
SG deserves a million stars.Hands down, SG is the best, most picturesque, most affordable spot to get married in the Bay Area.  And I'm not just saying that because I got married here.  I fell in love with SG thanks to Yelp.  It books fast, due to it's affordability, and it's location in GGP.  But it was easy enough to get a date, and I even think there may have been a wedding the same date as mine, but in the morning.Each time I visited SG and for the rehearsals, the day was a gorgeous blue and there wasn't a cloud in the sky.  On the day of the wedding, stupid me forgot that by 6 pm, GGP usually get's overcast so SURPRISE!  It was overcast.  But the show must go on.  And truthfully, the wedding photos were GORGEOUS!  The overarching cherry trees, the gorgeous brick walkway and brick wall, the enchanting stone benches....they all contributed to gorgeous, romantic photos.  Much better than an ugly church interior.  :o)  I'm thrilled that I got married at SG and GGP.
This is just an amazing spot for your wedding ceremony. It has everything you need - it is naturally beautiful so you don't need to add any decorations (you shouldn't add anything, it will ruin the natural beauty of the place which comes out amazing in photos), you have a path to walk on, benches to rest before and after, the privacy of the closed garden, enough space for all your guests, close by and easy parking, and the richness of the Golden Gate Park for all the photos you want to take before or after. Not to mention since it is a public park the price is the best you can get. Only downside is that you can't bring any drinks or food in the garden. We also had no problem with being the second wedding of the day, the people before us didn't leave any trace but be sure to get there on time to check if there is. Plus, following what people wrote we didn't take the parking option and relied on the parking lot of the music concourse which was fine, and we rented out a wireless speaker and mic which is really recommended to make sure your guests can hear everything. Plus a little tip - the "twist and dip" ice cream truck is right outside the garden on Saturdays, contact them beforehand and they'll prepare a special menu item for you and your guests!
A nice hidden spot in Golden Gate Park.  It will probably get more traffic once the academy of sciences opens up.  We had the pleasure of attending two weddings here.  If you're planning on having one here, here's some advice - use a sound system (speakers) so your friends and family can hear your vows, research other events in the park happening at the same time you want, and ladies, watch the heels in the lawn.  Lots of benches to sit and hang out.
This place is beautiful. It was designed to showcase the flora mentioned by Shakespeare, so it's no wonder that a walk through here can take one back in time to the land of Elizabeth I. It's serene and sheltered--the perfect place to relax--even though it's just off the main drag. The garden is definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
Sweet and tranquil, but does anyone know what's behind the locked chest?
If you get married here, I recommend that you assign someone (chauffeur, maybe?) to police the gate and keep out the strangers.We recently had our wedding here, and tourists were wandering in and taking pictures and video! (Why would someone want pictures of a stranger's wedding?)Not a huge deal except that some of them ended up in OUR pictures and video.Beautiful garden, check it out.
Beautiful, definitely. My best friends went here for a spontaneous, unplanned picnic. It was sooo calming and everything.. it feels like you're Annie Lennox. (The Secret Garden, anyone?) Anyway, i hated the squirrels pestering us by inching closer and closer to our food. And i've always been scared of squirrels. You know they can scratch your face away? On a happier note, we had a great time eating and catching up with each other. Not a lot of people go here just because it's hidden so that's a big, big plus. It doesnt feel like a tourist spot at all. Which it isnt, just so you know. Also, i think the trees are cherry blossoms so they do change colors depending on the season. I have yet to check it out during winter. Must be great to have your wedding here. Hmmm.
Today was my first visit to this garden and I found it to be quite lovely. My friend and I looked at each other and mentioned how fortunate we are to have such beauty so close and available.  Sometimes I forget how much we have in the Bay Area. This garden is one of the gems to appreciate.
Growing up in San Francisco and in the Inner Richmond, Golden Gate Park becomes your backyard because you probably don't have one. And the Shakespeare Garden is my absolute favorite place in the park. It's some secluded and secret even though it's just off the very beaten path. It's quiet and somehow the sun shines down it. The brick path leading to an open garden with beautiful trees, the sundial and great benches make it the best place to go in Golden Gark Park. And I've always said, if I ever get married I'm doing it here.
It is a very beatiful and peaceful spot to have a Wedding ceremony.  It is conviniently located and so pretty, you don't need to splurge on flowers or other decorations since the greenery takes care of it all.  It is also fairly private although people walking around can see in,  but you still get a feeling of primvacy since you can close the garden off to general pbulic for the duration of the permit.Speaking of which, it was a pleasure to work with San Francisco Parks and Recreation department, especially Amanda Lee.  She was always pleasant, helpful, and available.  My phone calls and emails were answered pretty much right away.  She explained things and even told us about parking spaces that can available for reservation.  These spaces made our day easier since we didn't have to worry about the offciant and several other important to the ceremony people finding parking. Be warned, parking is extremely difficult at at any time.  Especially in the middle of the day during the weekend and especially if there is a special event going on!  Be sure to  check ahead of something is happening and if any of the park entrances are closed off.  And, warn your guests.  We had several guests that were running late to the ceremony not able to find parking at all and miss the ceremony.
This is quiet little spot and when I was in acting school was a great place to rehearse for a scene for class.
cool nice spot. Hidden between the west side of academy of science and through a path from martin luther king drive. But there during our time here, there were two separate groups that came to check out the venue for a wedding.
One of my favorite parts of Golden Gate Park; usually unfrequented and cozy.
This little garden was a welcome respite from the crowds at the California Academy of Sciences, namely because of its sense of quiet. People would wander in, scan the flora-based Shakespeare quotes engraved on the metal plaques, and stroll back out. I appreciated the abundance of benches, the metal Shakespeare bust, and the sundial (even if the latter was rendered somewhat ineffective because of the overcast weather). Regardless, I'll probably come back on my next trip to GG Park.
For the perfect hide away spot in GGP- you have to give Shakespeare Garden a try. The benches and a good book will fix your day- just make sure it's one of the few warm ones..
This is one of my favorite spots in Golden Gate Park.  Bring a blanket, a book, and a picnic and spend a sunny afternoon there.  If the winter wet season makes mud, there are several benches for reading, and don't forget your sweater.  Weekends are a little noisier because of the families coming and going from the nearby museum, but plant yourself with your back to the fence and it won't be too much of a problem.  This spot feels like a secret.  Shh!
