Come here on the weekend and you'll completely forget that you are in a place as major as downtown San Francisco.  It's almost quiet.I've seen the famous parrots here.  I've had picnics where I could have fallen asleep it was so peaceful.  I've taken beautiful pictures of the tress in full bloom.  I even learned some SF history looking up the Colombo Produce Market, since the gate is such a prominent feature.A gem.  I'm glad it is here.
A nice and quiet spot to eat lunch during the work week in the FiDi.
My absolutely favorite place to visit on a sunny (or any) day, during the work week. Just about 10 minute walk from the financial district building I work in, and very close to all the restaurants and snack shops in the area. Grab a quick lunch.You will love sitting here, and resting, and being so close to the action (financial district, Fisherman's Wharf) yet so far, and in a tranquil state, with a complete calmness of body and soul.  Very clean and lovely. I enjoy thinking about the condos (brown) just surrounding the area. I'm sure their dues are what keep the park so clean and beautiful.  The Golden Gateway Apartments surround the area too. My favorite park and most favorite area of San Francisco, ever!
Grab a To-Go's sandwich (across from park on Jackson st). Have yourself a lunchtime picnic in the park.I also think that Sidney Walton Park in a privately owned park (make sense because it is well maintained)
Again, the FiDi proves that there are spaces of green to compete to even out the hectic work lifestyle.  Sidney Walton is no exception.  Always serene, great for a work week lunch.
If I did yoga, I could see myself bending my limbs into a human pretzel at this beautiful park in the financial district. It is a serene place to chill on your lunch break, catch up with an old friend, enjoy a cup o' Joe, etc. - a great spot to regroup on a crazed day at the office for sure, with the little fountains sort of whispering calm through the trees. I sound like a stoner by that description, but I am being sincere; this is a cozy park and one worth passing through.
