I enjoyed playing basketball with my friends here at this park. They also have an open tennis court.
I don't have kids of my own, thank goodness, but the ones I sometimes childcare for love this place. Huge artificial turf field, soccer goals, basketball hoops, baseball diamond, and almost all the playground rides you could ever imagine. My doggy care friends don't seem to enjoy the turf, but dogs are for the beach anyway, not the playground.
I loved this playground for the kids. The only things that need more attention : -The bathrooms are super dirty, and all the fames need to be power washed because they are filthy.
Good baseball field, basketball court and tennis courts.  Kids' playground as well.Easy to park.
When the sun goes down...we come here!!!!!!!Kickball, baseball, football, soccer...that's what we play.Everyone seems to yelp about the ASTROTURF, well is it that good???? IT IS!!!!! I hate wearing newish tennis shoes and getting them dirty on the dirty dusty field that you would get to experience at other parks. The astroturf is not all that, it gets into my shoes so you have to take pick it off your shoes and throw it back onto the fake grass.Light goes down around 9:45PM and that's when the majority of the people leave. It's pretty scary on the field without lights.The park area is filled with kids during the day, but at night...NOBODY EXCEPT US and rats running along the fence GROSS GROSS GROSS. The tire swing and swings don't really hold our weight, it just squeaks, which is sort of creepy sounding and it's scary because I can probably break. We make our own obstacle course through the slides, monkey bars, bridges...The see-saw is fun, but sometimes I feel like I'll fly off.It's close to Sunset Super so after playing in the sun or fog, you can get a cold drink or shop.
I love this park. I come here sometimes in the middle of the night if I need to think. My boyfriend and I like to come here just to talk sometimes.A few years ago when it was new, this park was really nice. The astroturf has gotten a lot more worn lately, with holes filled with a little dirt. Even so, the structures seem strong and safe. I love the rope dome. I just love climbing up and sitting up on it.
It's the park I grew up next to my entire life.
FROM: GO CITY KIDSgocitykids.parentsconnec…Offers an afterschool latchkey program and sports programs. Call for more information and schedules.GETTING THERE:Between Vicente and Wawona. Muni 29MY REVIEW:I used to play basketball every once in a while with friends here. I never went here often because the location is out of nowhere. However, they do have a lot of courts to play in and usually they are open. It's a safe bet that by coming here you can play full games with a group of people or friends but for the majority this serves for the neighborhood usually.
ASTROTURF!!!! No more dirt messing up my shoes or on my clothes! Now its just little bits of astroturf getting into your shoes! Can roll around as much as I want and no worry about getting soil on my clothes! There are giant spot lights that light up the field when the sun is down until about 10pm on weekdays. Mostly soccer players using the field but great for kickball and baseball when they aren't taking up that part of the field.The tennis court is terribly placed, but the basketball courts are alright.LOVE the playground. There's this cool spinny thing i've never seen elsewhere. Giant see-saw that's alright. There used to be these two things there for kids to sit on and wobble in, but maybe bigger kids tried to use it and broke it or something. Located in a safe and quiet neighborhood. Not ghetto like some other parks. Oh and rats run on the fence railing at night.
This is an awesome family friendly park. I take care of a little girl and wanted to take her to a park but was unaware of any in the SUNSET, being that I don't have any living children myself. Well, I searched yelp and went here...I must say it is a wonderful place. From now on Hailey and I are going to venture to the park in the morning time.
astroturf! so fabulous! and big lights that turn off at 9:45.this is a clean park, unlike all the others with dirt. why have dirt floors when you can have astroturf! i love it. ive come here several nights now to play in the park when all the kids are gone so i dont look like a werid-o pedophile. theres a lot of parking around here too.
