A major reason why I love San Francisco is because of the beautiful park, which is ginormous and a perfect place to chill for the day.  It's unlike parks in southern California where the rules and regulations are strictly enforced, i.e., no dogs, and definitely no alcohol. I have been to several areas around the park and find that this is the perfect place to spend a sunny day in SF relaxing and having fun.  Dogs are allowed anywhere in the park and can run off leash (so nice for them) and you can drink alcohol in the park . . . . well actually I am not sure if it's legal but no rangers/cops/etc. have ever said anything to us.  Which is great because we play a couple drinking games involving beers and frisbees. :) My favorite part of the park is the Meadow (actually the only places I have been in the park are 2 areas, which are both called the meadow).  This one is near 38th street on the Lincoln side of the park, east of the Polo Fields.  It's huge and never crowded.  There are always some people picnicking,  reading, flying kites, throwing around a frisbee, playing with the dogs, or just hanging out. I recommend packing a basket with some snacks (cheese, meats, crackers) grabbing some wine and taking it to the park with a book and a blanket to enjoy the beauty and people watch.If in the mood for something more fun, esp. with a large group, I recommend getting a frisbee and playing ultimate frisbee with a beer in hand or playing a version of cricket!
Speedway Meadows is a great place to hold events and barbeques. It's tucked in off the main roads, private and such a large area to run around and act like a kid. I've been to many events at Speedway Meadows over the years, but the funnest one by far was the Sloshball event. Rookie to the game, I played my best as I'm spilling beers, laughing and having a great time with my friends. I will be looking forward to going back there this weekend for the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival.
We grabbed a table for a post Easter celebration and it worked out to be quite nice. We reserved a table a few months in advance, which was pretty easy (and somewhat cheap) and the Parks and Rec group followed up immediately via email to confirm. The tables are very easy to find as they are labelled and the barbecues are right by the tables with ample space.
If you plan to host an event here, be prepared for it to be a complete pain in the ass. Better yet, don't host an event here. The Parks and Rec department clearly doesn't care about their customers. I planned a company picnic recently and continued to have issues with the permits people. I reached out to them in February for an event in October. It took months for them to get back to me to start the process. It took even longer for them to understand how simple my event was. They wanted to charge me $18,000 (what they charge for Outsidelands) for a simple, 300 person max event. Completely ridiculous. Then, three weeks before the event (when I still didn't have the permit!) they sent me a list of items I needed to send them before I could have my permit. The list was not things that are easy to get. They also take forever to return calls or emails (at least a week.)The whole proces was a complete nightmare. I'd look elsewhere to hold any event. Even getting a picnic permit for a table is expensive and not worth your trouble.
Hardly Strictly Bluegrass takes place herenough said.I've frequented many a sun-lit picnic and BBQ here.nough saidI've had many a reflective moment here. Epiphanies abound.nough said
Picnic anyone? But watch out for the damn fog!
Not gonna lie, the big music fests held here piss me off. When they aren't around Speedway is awesome! Awesome for frisbee, an impromptu game of "kick the soccer ball to each other", picnicking and general park mayhem. They have BBQ pits and tables so if you are lucky you can grab one and get the party started.
There was a concert here for the "Alice Summerthing", the location was easy to get to, and the field is huge and you could fit at least 10,000 people here (my estimate).The only bad thing is there is no shade, so be ready to bring sunscreen.
So many meadows in this area, but I can only remember the name of one...Speedway. All the best events are held here, what's not to love?! The meadow is huge! Plenty of room for concerts, picnics, BBQs, and games. I usually come here for the festivals, but I also love coming here when there's nothing going on. The meadow is easily accessible from the street and from public transportation, but it's tucked well enough in the trees to keep away from the street noise.
great place to have a bbq. Probably have to reserve a table but this place has clean bathrooms, clean grills, water fountains, and plenty of flat green grass to play football, whiffle, and or just chill. Plenty of parking and a nice venue for family picnics and bbqs. Highly recommended. Dont forget to wear plenty of sunscreen and stay hydrated. FYI Located between the polo fields and the intersection of JFK drive and transverse drive
I feel like 9 times out of 10, if you find me in the city, I am there for a cultural/music event, unless of course, Amoeba Records is sending out "buy more music" vibes, but that's another story all together. One of my favorite events is Michael Franti's annual 9/11, Power to the Peaceful event in September. It does get hectic with the crowds and somehow, I always feel like I am in maze trying to find the meadow. I love the music and organizations that participate in this event. If you're not a closterphobe, and you love music, then you gotta come at least once. Bring some food, flip flops, good company and your Power to the People fist in the air!Oh, did I mention that this is a FREE event? It's FREEEEEEEEEEE!
This year for the 4th of July we reserved tables at Speedway. We got tables 5 & 6 which are next to each other and come with a private grill for about $30. Although every person in our group got lost trying to find this park, one we were all there it was such a great atmosphere. They let us drink, bbq, play music, and tons of groups had even brought their own volleyball nets and chairs. Before you go scout out exactly which field this is. On holidays the main road is closed to cars so we ended up trekking it with all our gear. Normally this might not be a problem. The bathrooms were super crowded, but thats what you get when you have hundreds of people, only 2-3 stalls, and alcohol is involved. I can't wait to go back. TIP: Bring a table cloth if you plan on BBQing and eating sitting down. The tables were very dirty when we were there, but again it was a holiday weekend so really packed.  The wind however makes it hard to get them to stay down.
Ton of space! But if you want one of the limited tables go claim your land early! Dogs welcome to run around!Tough to find this park so be prepAred to search!!
Great location for picnic parties in a huge open space.  A bunch of us from my moms' group reserved a spot to hold our childrens' first birthday celebration.  Reserved spots are well-spaced so there's a lot of room for a large gathering.  Tables 7 and 8 are a conveniently close to the restrooms.
Golden Gate Park is a San Francisco landmark and for good reason!  I've been here to hang out, to picnic, to see music festivals, to enjoy renaissance fairs and to destroy at Bay to Breakers and always enjoyed the scenery.  For my first ever 4th of July in the city my friends and I decided to reserve a picnic table here.  You can book way in advance and request where you'd like to be for only 12.50.  The spot we got included a BBQ grill and two picnic tables.  There was plenty of space to run around and enjoy the outdoors.  I am deducting 1/2 star for the weather.  I know its nobody's fault but having to wear a sweatshirt in the middle of July in a park really annoyed the hell out of me, so I'm taking it out on this review.  Being way out there just makes San Francisco that much colder.  I'm also deducting 1/2 star for the park being a crazy maze.  It was SO difficult to locate exactly what table and what area you are suppose to be in.  I mean come on, ALL GRASS AND PICNIC TABLES LOOK THE SAME!  There's no real way to know either, I had to ask people around me and I'm not sure how they knew but I'm sure glad they did! All in all, it was an amazing time being in the outdoors with my pals, dogs, random strangers, and massive amounts of food!  I will definitely be back!
Absolutely love this park, it is beautiful during the day. It is a great place for a run/walk/bike/bbq. Spending a nice sunny afternoon here is a perfect way to relax.
I recently went to a group Memorial Day BBQ in this park and it was great.  No cops to hassle us for drinking out in the open. Lots of open space.  Bathrooms reasonably clean and right there.  I cannot complain.  Also, I've heard that many a concert is held out here and that is just great.  Coming from a city where things like that aren't done unless you secure 100 permits years before the event--that is wonderful.  A summer without an outdoor concert is like a day without sunshine in my book.Minus a star because it wasn't really clear how to get there walking from the path from the N-Judah.  There was a park map but it was weathered, faded, and scratched up and thus, of little use.  I asked about 6 people until one guy finally pointed me in the right direction.
Came here for a brain cancer fundraiser, so the day was already set for a more somber tone.  However, the park was lush and green, and seemed to be a great place to hold an event.  We also completed a 5k walk around the park, which was also a great experience in the middle of an urban city.  Bring a windbreaker, cause you never know when it will be a bit cold.  Overall, a great public space with trails and nature (plus a few buffalo!)
Great place for free outdoor concerts! (See post on Alice's Summerthing).  Pretty easy to get to, though after an event there are so many people that it a long wait to get home.  We ended up walking up to Geary to catch the bus there to avoid the crowds right near GG Park.  WEAR SUNSCREEN!!!!!
One Martial Arts has their annual picnic here in the summer.  Nice place to do bbq's and throw a big party!!  They had jumpers and all.There's bathrooms located near by which is a plus!!  It's big and open and there's usually some other birthday parties going on and folks with their dogs and family.Nice spot!
It was hard to find at first, but my friends & I discovered this place because Everclear was playing for free!!...yes, I LOVE the Everclear.  So much.  It was like my 3rd time seeing them in concert.  Listening to "Father of Mine" ON Father's Day cracks me up.Awesome concert, I still have my tan from that day.Tip: wear sunscreen, and get off the bus at around 25th ave, and walk up towards the park.  If there wasn't music playing, I really don't know how this n00b (me) would have found it!-1 star for no bathroom facilities besides *shudder* porta-potties.Other than that, beautiful park, beautiful day, wonderful place.
A park complete with bushes to hide your kegs, hide your drunken sloshball antics, and hide the homeless guy eating cake straight out of the cake box.I could watch my friends run around spilling whole cups of beer on their faces for hours I tell you. HOURS! And you want to know what makes watching people spill beer on themselves even more awesome? Healthy grass and beautiful weather. Ok, soooo, it was a bit frigid when I first showed up around noon, but the fog soon burned away, leaving skies of dazzling azure and a refreshing breeze. And, also, I did manage to run backward into a mud puddle whilst trying to catch a deflated kickball with a beer in my hand, so -1 star for that. But otherwise, it's Golden Gate Park man!!! What the eff do I have to complain about? The homeless guy not offering me a slice of his birthday cake? Cause I'm actually pretty pissed about that.
Good for:1) a Bluegrass Festival2) other fun big named free concerts in the park3) stumbling through during Bay to Breakers4) awesome Yelp and non-Yelp games of sloshball5) the ability to safely hide kegs.6) a romp behind some bushes7) doggie days8) awesome sunburns through a sometimes cloudy sky...9) chillin'-out, relaxin'10) actin' all cool.
Break a legDown in the river full of chainsEsso dame speeeeeeeeeeeed-way!Lock in my pocketFever in the den and I just can't knock it--Royal Trux
Last time I was here 4 an event 'twas 1989, the event I speak(type) of would have been the Bill Graham Farewell Concert.The groups in attendance were the Grateful Dead, Carlos Santana, Journey and the Jefferson Starship.  That morning a friend in the apt I lived in asked me 'Hey Tim, U wanna do some liquid?'   A milligram about an hour prior 2 the show made it marvelous, the assembled troup from the apt got there early enuf that our seating position was in front of the stage, between 20-40 back.   Poppa John Creech played 'Somewhere Over The Rainbow' on his fiddle and nearly blew my mind!Timothy:o)
speedway meadow provides a space for everyone to enjoy the sun, or fog...-concerts-bbq/picnics-playing soccer, frisbee, softball, kickball, boardgames you may bring, etc.-enjoying a cool beverage&-just kicking back and relaxing
In a time when every public park has a strict policy against alcohol of any type it's refreshing to know that you can throw two kegs in the back of your truck, drive it deep into Golden Gate Park's Speedway Meadow, unload the golden brew in front of park rangers, and then enjoy a wonderful day of sloshball with some cool people as they drive right by and wave at you.
know something?the grass here needs to be replanted.i attended Power to the Peaceful here.and it was dusty in some parts and muddy in others.concert was great, but the grass....there was none.it was all dirt.
YES!!!  i love the free concerts here! I'd go as far as to call them "festivals". Bela Fleck, Keller Williams, Franti.. awesome. it's big enough for a few stages and the vibe at these shows is always a peaceful one. I like to go up the hills on the side and watch the show from there. bring a blanket and come a little early so you can get a prime spot.  also a pretty cool field for those lazy days in the park. very mellow.. unlike the hill, you will more than likely not be harassed here (that's a good thing right?). anyways, the reason for the five stars is for the beauty of the nature coupled with the insanity that there are amazing music festivals this close to my house. IN MY CITY! hooray!
sloshball was fun. we played till one team scored.  and how was it that they kept score since everyone was so wasted by the end,    i drank a bit quite a bit.  i hung out with old friends and my boyfriend at the same time... which is few and far between.  wow!  hehe, this is a great spot for hanging out and just walking around.  just a mile north from where i was staying, so we walked.  ill be coming more to this little park while im here....
best place ever for hijinks, antics, bbq, and fun sassy times with friends doing crazy, not so sane things.
