Review Us on Yelp"We had a wonderful day cruising SF Bay on the SS Jeremiah O'Brien...what a great ship! The docent crew and governing committee do an excellent job of keeping the ship looking good and keeping it safe for visitors...no easy task in a salty environment. The crew was super friendly and seemed very happy to be there with us. People in small boats waved at us all through the cruise. We also loved touring the ship to see what it looked like in its prime. It was a great day!  We strongly recommend this for a fun family day! Diane and Bob Douglass Fremont, CA "
I took a Lighthouses of San Francisco Bay cruise on the SS Jeremiah O'Brien. Boarding began at 9 am, and we were supposed to set sail at 10 am. But for some reason we left the dock half an hour late. The ship needed an assist from a huge tugboat to leave the dock.We got a good look at the Alcatraz Lighthouse as we passed by Alcatraz Island, as we did for the Yerba Buena Lighthouse. After that, I was disappointed. We didn't get very close to the Angel Island Lighthouse. We also didn't get anywhere near Point Bonita to see that lighthouse up close, I could just spot it off in the distance before we turned around.I really wanted a close-up view of what was left of the Mile Rocks Lighthouse.  But since we did not sail very far north, the base was just a small dot off in the distance.  I had to use the telephoto lens on my camera to get a better view of it.For breakfast, we were served donuts with either coffee or orange juice.  Hot dogs (I think they were Annie's Hot Dogs), chips, and ice cream were on the menu for lunch.  Needless to say, I did not go on this cruise for the food.One nice thing about taking a cruise on the SS Jeremiah O'Brien is that you have access to areas of the ship which are normally off limits. I was able to climb up into the front gun tub and walk up to the bow of the ship. Once the ship returned to the dock, the bow and front gun tub were roped off.Make sure to visit the engine room in the bowels of the ship. But be careful, there are many hot surfaces down there. We didn't look at the exhibits until the cruise was over. By that time everyone had disembarked and only a few tourists were boarding, so we pretty much had the place to ourselves.
I've got a pretty good reason to love this ship... I was married there!It was an unconventional venue, for sure, but the SS O'Brien staff (Kyle Day in particular) couldn't have been more helpful in making it happen. We had our ceremony on deck right before sunset, and our reception in the #2 cargo hold below. And the cannon turret is SO much fun - the photos produced lots of "shotgun wedding" jokes.Ideal for veterans, history buffs, and anyone looking for an "adult jungle gym" to climb on.I don't recommend this venue for young children unless they are very closely supervised. (We didn't allow children at our wedding for this reason.) The entire ship is metal, with steep narrow staircases. Also, wear comfortable shoes when aboard.
SO COOL!Seriously. I wasn't planning on visiting this ship (honestly didn't even know it excited) but my mom and were walking through Fisherman's Wharf and stumbled upon it. I was wooed by it's majestic, historical beauty and had to do the tour. I'm a huge history nerd, particularly WW2, so I was excited by the prospect of checking it out and doing some investigating. Definitely worth the $12 entry fee. The "tour" is self guided. Basically you just walk around with some literature they give you and explore on your own. There is very little here that is off limits so it's really about how much time you want to spend and how high you want to go (lots of ladders to climb!). There are crew cabins, captain's quarters, kitchens, dining areas, sick bays, etc etc to check out. All small but packed with artifacts from the time period. The engine room is also a sight to see. FUN FACT! Apparently the filmed scenes from Titanic in there as well! The "crew "are SO friendly and very eager and willing to answer any questions you may have. I'm not sure if everyone gets this but when we were walking off a very lovely volunteer gave us each a sizable book that touched on some of the history of the ship. Pretty darn generous and very very rad.
An amazing part of history!! It's so very awesome to see and feel a real piece of history!! If you're in SF this is a MUST SEE. Take a few hours and go through every floor, every room, ask lots of questions and ask them to tell you stories!! It's a memorable interactive experience!!!
Took my kids here and was lucky enough to show up on a day when they were running the engines. I think they run them one day a month and on that day they let you go down and tour the engine room where the volunteers are fine tuning the machinery. It was impressive to say the least and the volunteers were more than happy to answer all our questions. They also have an amazing model of Normandy that was a great tool for helping educate our kids on WWII.
I wondered about this ship for several years before I finally got around to going! It just sits there at Fisherman's Wharf and tries to lure you over with it's overall impressiveness. My boyfriend told me somewhere in the region of 10 times that his grandfather used to live on the boat. So I mean, he had a special connection to it already! When I noticed a Google Offer pop up for admission to none other than the Jeremiah O'Brien, I was all over it.So basically you walk inside the ship and explore at your leisure. There are still some people who live on it (or so it appears) although I'm not sure exactly what they do there. The day we went they had the boilers going and it was HOT down there. Really cool to see though, it reminded me of that scene in Titanic where they're running through all the workers shoveling coal. You can climb upstairs to the top deck and sit behind the guns, and you can stroll from bow to stern (see I know nautical terms!) One of the coolest parts was the "museum" where you can see the evolution of ships over the past several centuries. The main takeaway from that is ships are now freakin HUGE. Anyway, I would definitely recommend a trip here - it's not just a tourist thing, it's fun for locals too. And did you know there's a arcade museum/graveyard right next door? Yeah....
The very best shot of the City is fromthe deck of the O'Brien at sea!!  This is a MUST do - fun and so informative!
These guys have an affordable overnight program for Scout groups ( boy and girl). SUpport them with your visit.  ssjeremiahobrien.org
what a great experience. Fun for the whole family.JIM SULLIVAN
Our entire day on the ship was great. We love the quality food and beverage along with it's it's for dessert. The work the volunteers have done with the ship and historical displays is amazing. They all get a virtual pat on the back from both of us. Firing the guns and touring the bay will be a lifetime memory for both of us. Thank you very much!
Had so much fun with the Cub Scout pack on an overnighter here.  The staff was super friendly and the boys learned a lot about the ship.  :D
The engine room is pretty cool and large.  The quarters are interesting to look at.  I would not go again though.
My Mom and I loved the experience.. and it wasn't until after the trip that I found out my dear Uncle Gil came home from the war in Europe on this ship!
The SS Jeremiah O'Brien is a must see historic attraction when visiting San Francisco. Climbing down the rungs to the engine room where the Titanic was filmed is an adventure in itself. That's only a fraction of what there is to enjoy aboard this WWII Liberty Ship. It's a self-guided tour so you get to explore like an adventurer. Stories unfold with the push of a button throughout the journey and knowledgeable volunteers love to chat with you. I've been aboard a few times and it's a joy to watch kids in utter amazement every step of the way.
As an old sailer there is nothing like a cruise on the SS Jeremiah O'Brien. The crew is friendly and helpful people that seem to be enjoying the day. On all of the cruises I have been on, there has been a nice selection of breakfast pastries, coffee, and orange juice to start the cruise. Lunch is served from real hot dog stands. The hot dogs are like hot dogs I remember from childhood from a real meat store. A couple of cruises have had live music. I forget the full name of the band but there called themselves the Sewer Band for short. Their music is wonderful. Seating is provided but a couple of times we have brought bag chairs that are a bit more comfortable. On July 4 the SS Jeremiah O'Brien is an excellent place to watch the fireworks. Now for the negatives, parking $36-$40 per day, maybe more depending on where you park; location, I wish the City of San Francisco would do something to clean up this part of Fishermen's Wharf. If I were a tourist, I would think twice about returning to San Francisco after walking through this place.
Great fun, great look back at history, great music and food, great view spot anchored out for Blue Angel Show.  Highly recommended!
Managed to get on board for one of the few times this moving museum actually leaves the dock. A wonderful experience! This is not some touristy ferry boat, it's just the way it would have been if you were sailing it across the Atlantic, dodging German U-Boats in WWII. Be sure to tour below deck, and also take in the store. Lots of great items, very reasonable prices. And on OUR trip out on the Bay, they served snacks, and all the hot dogs you can eat! For the record, 3 was my number....
Epic tour. A five minute walk from Pier 39. We parked there and went to the Pier 39 welcome center where they have us a special parking ticket that saved us $18 (free for first two hours if you download and print "Pier 39 savings fun pack".I came with no expectations, and am not a military fan, nor am interested in history. We ended up spending almost 2 hours exploring the SS Jeremiah O Brien. You get an incredible view of San Francisco, with the icons in the horizon. You also get to climb the vertical ladder to aim the guns from the bow. We went down to the engine room and there was a volunteer there who has been working there for a decade, he was super helpful.Amazing up close photos of Alcatraz, the Golden Gate and San Francisco icons like the Coit Tower and the Transamerica Pyramid.  My two kids love it too!
Great historical visit.  One of the last Liberty Ships in America
During my random trip to San Francisco during Fourth of July, I had stopped by Fisherman's Wharf. On my walking adventure, there were different exhibits throughout marina. I saw on ship that caught my attention. A volunteer ship that helped during World War II called me. This ship's name is the SS Jeremiah O'Brien.The SS Jeremiah O'Brien is located at Pier 45. It is not too far from where I ate clam chowder at Sabella and Latorre. Admission price to SS Jeremiah O'Brien is $12. Most of the people who work on the ship are volunteers and I suggest you give them a lot of compliments because they do a hard work to keep the ship looking good and more importantly, working.When you board the ship, you are entering becoming part of history. A ship that remains active and helped decide World War II. You will see volunteers paint the ship and even cooking in the mess hall. On the day I was there, there were was a school of cadets on board. I felt like going back to the Maritime Academy re-doing it over again just board classic ships like the SS Jeremiah O'Brien.You can go all levels of the ship from the engine room to the bridge of the ship. You can man the multiple guns or check out the living quarters. The interesting views are definitely from the guns. It will require some climbing ladders. Just take your time going up and down. Sometimes, the guests won't read which ladders to go up or down. Usually, there are two sets just the opposit of each other. There are volunteers and retirees throughout the ship to help you navigate around the SS Jeremiah O'Brien if you get lost. Its a big ship, but in 15-20 minutes you'll know your way around.The one main area that caught my attention was the Engine Room. Apparently, it was used in the movie, Titanic. As I mentioned, this is an active ship and could be used in an emergency. In the movie, Titanic, there is a big engine room that starts moving when it departs and hits full-speed. In fact, its just SS Jeremiah O'Brien's engine room amplified to look huge. Amazing that SS Jeremiah O'Brien is still making history.Its amazing to see ships still active and not just put in a museum and not put to use. This is probably why I chose this ship versus the other exhibits. I volunteer a lot, but who knows, I might get called to help the SS Jeremiah O'Brien on its next journey.Yelp! The One Stop Place For Your Everyday Research!
Went on the lighthouse cruise in July. A nice sail under the Golden Gate Bridge and around the bay. They had donuts for breakfast, hot dogs for lunch, and it's it ice cream sandwiches for dessert (and all you can eat..). One of the cargo holds is a museum and you can tour the engine room during the sail! Crew and volunteers were friendly as well.
We celebrated 4th of July on SS Jeremiah and plan on making it our family tradition!  We LOVED our experience. Thank you to all of the volunteers!!
Touring this boat is an AMAZING experience! And it really makes you think about the sacrifices our soldiers made during WW II. It's a wonderful experience any day, and should not be missed.And being on it when the engines are running and touring the engine room then is fabulous - it only cruises a couple of times a year - that's the only time you are guaranteed that the engines will be running. But it's a don't-miss any day of the year! It should be a lot better known than it is as a San Francisco experience.
My grandfather is one of the volunteers on the ship, and when it came time to decide upon a venue for my wedding, the O'Brien was a no brainer. Our ceremony was held on deck with the backdrop of the City and the Bay, and the reception was in Cargo Hold #2. Our guests enjoyed scenic San Francisco views and spent the cocktail reception exploring the ship and learning about WWII history in the museum. The staff and ship volunteers helped set up and were a great help. I could not have dreamed of a more beautiful wedding on such a unique and historic setting.
Great for visiting dockside and even better for going out on the bay for a day cruise! A piece of World War II history alive today for your pleasure and education. It is officially the National Liberty Ship Memorial SS JEREMIAH O'BRIEN. If you can, read about her online prior to scaling the accommodation ladder - the flight of steps from the pier to the main deck. The primary website is ssjeremiahobrien.org but additional information may be found elsewhere. The ship store has books, mementos, and clothing items. Did you know there is an anthem for our United States Merchant Marine, Heave Ho My Lads Heave Ho, and an informative website pertaining to the civilians and military who served aboard liberty ships, victory ships, tankers, and other support vessels that were a key to winning the war, ammv.us
I started taking my sons to the Jeremiah Obrien when they were both quite small.  What better fun is there than climbing around and exploring an x-military vessel?   My older son, now a student at the CSU Maritime Academy, now volunteers on the ship when he has time.  The docents are so knowledgeable and all ways ready to answer any question, or tell a story!  Great experience for the whole family - be advised there is a steep gang way to get on & steep stairs aboard!
Always a fun time visiting the Jeremiah O'Brien. I especially like going to the Brew on the Bay event every fall!
Let's preface this review with one thing: I HATE museums. This hatred isn't reserved for museums on land either. It also includes museums that float. On a good day, I spend maybe 30 minutes in a museum and then usher my party out. Despite this proclivity, I absolutely LOVED the SS Jeremiah O'Brien and was here for well over an hour (although I guess you could argue that this isn't a museum but rather a WWII ship). This is a fantastic way to learn about WWII history. I'd say the best part of this ship has to be all of the staff. Much of our time was spent speaking with them about the ship and the exhibits inside. From my understanding, they are all volunteers, which is amazing! They really do take pride in this ship and will answer all of your questions to your satisfaction. We were lucky to come when they had the steam engine running. That was a really neat experience. I do agree it gets hot in there, but it had been a pretty chilly day (even by SF standards) so I appreciated the heat. In addition to the steam engine, my other favorite thing was the D-day diarama. Really, really cool. As others have noted, quite a few of the scenes from Titanic were shot on this ship. I hated that movie, but I guess that's cool nonetheless. Ticket prices are $12. If you're military, you are free. I'm pretty sure dependents are supposed to pay, but the people running it let me and my aunt through (which was super generous of them). The only downside would be your ability to maneuver inside this place. The spaces get pretty cramped and there are a lot of ladders to go up and down (especially if you venture down to the steam engine).
WW II history buffs will love this Liberty Ship.  It's one of two operational Liberty Ships remaining.  (The other one is in Baltimore, MD). The SS Jeremiah O'Brien was salvaged from the moth ball fleet located in Suisun Bay.Liberty Ships were built to transport cargo and as such smaller in size than battleships.  I enjoyed touring the ship, and I'm not a WW II buff.  Most of the ship is opened to the public.  There's a museum in one of the cargo holds and a running documentary DVD. It runs for 45 minutes.  Its about Liberty Ships in general, and the project to save the O'Brien.   The best part was the steam engine room. Parts of the room was featured in the movie Titanic. The O'Brien can be rented for private events, and it sails out on the SF Bay for special occasions such as Fleet Week. The entire family will enjoy touring the ship.
This place is SO COOL!When I finished my tour of Alcatraz I still had half the afternoon to kill, so I hopped on Yelp to see what else would be fun. 50 reviews and all 5 stars for the SS Jeremiah O'Brien assured me I couldn't go wrong.Be advised, if you have mobility issues, problems with heights or small cramped spaces, this might not be the tour for you.That said, if you're able to climb steep narrow stairs and small ladders, you're going to have a great time exploring this ship.The whole thing is run by volunteers that really just love ships. It's a self guided tour, and they pretty much let you explore almost the entire thing. I was amazed at the places they let me go. I even got lost at one point, but the volunteers were very helpful and guided me back to the deck.They run the steam engine once a month, and that's a cool experience. It gets pretty hot down there though, and it was claustrophobic. I saw a few people start to desend the stairs down to the engine room, and decide it was too small and hot for them. For me it was worth the few moments of discomfort to see something really unique. I'd have to say that I enjoyed exploring this ship almost as much, if not more than my trip to Alcatraz Island. Ticket prices were cheap, around $12 for an adult, and they have student, military and senior discounts.
I was on board during the parade of ships for Fleet Week 2000 and had a wonderful time, and again in December for a Holiday Dinner for SFPD's Ingleside station. Wonderful history and venue. I recommend people take a cruise on this maritime treasure.
Awesome piece of History. Only one of two working Liberty ships left in the world! Well worth the price of admission. The engineer in the engine room will answer all questions!
Beautiful just beautiful.  I really wished we could go into a few more rooms in the bedding areas but it was a great experience!
Definitely worth a look. My favorite was the engine room. Awesome! The museum section could use some improvement but, otherwise an excellent experience.
We started the self guided your not expecting much. And it was as expected until we ran into volunteer Wilma! She spent 45 min with us! She showed us all around the ship even some exsclusive places aboard all while providing details and interesting tid bits about the Obrien  and ships like it. She did a great job and made sure too let us know they are always looking for volunteers and can work with any schedule.
*SHIP AHOY!!!*  It's A Sea-Faring, Steam-Punkin Halloween Party!SITREPIt doesn't really get much better than this!  Imagine being deep within the hold of an authentic WWII sailing vessel, with giant metal doors, and vast subterranean spaces to have the most-kick Halloween Party you've been too!  Well, I didn't have to imagine that!  It HAPPENED!But first, a bit more about our wonderful floating venue! HISTORY OF THE O'BRIENIn June 1943 the Liberty Ship S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien slid down the ways at the New England Shipbuilding Corporation in South Portland, Maine. Shortly thereafter she entered service, operated by Grace Line for the War Shipping Administration.Named for the first American to capture a British naval vessel during the Revolutionary War, the O'Brien made seven World War II voyages, ranging from England and Northern Ireland to South America, to India, to Australia. She also made eleven crossings of the English Channel carrying personnel and supplies to the Normandy beaches in support of the D-Day invasion. After the war, she was "mothballed" and laid up in the Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, north of San Francisco.  She has since become a great venue for a lot of wonderful social events & galas, including tonight's party.  THE "SALVAGE" (FOR A PARTY!) OPERATION!My lovely friend Ann Vargas - an incredible hostess with the mostess - decided why not host a fun party aboard a SHIP?  Ann is the sort of social-genius that finds these wonderful locations to host fun parties - such as the recent Alice-In-Wonderland "UnBirthday Celebration" we celebrated in a mansion on the top of a hill in the East Bay.  [In one of her PREVIOUS lives, Ann was no-doubt the Madame of one of the most touted Salons in 18th Century PARIS or 19th Century VIENNA, where the likes of Mozart, Chopin & Liszt would play & entertain the guests, or artists such De La Croix would mesmerize spectators with his wonderful paintings.  These are the kinds of events and people in the 21st Century - such as Shawni, X, BLIXA and PARADOX - that Ann brings together!] She got to talking with the good folks responsible for scheduling and maintenance of the Sailing Ship (S.S.) Jeremiah O'Brien @ Pier 45 in Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco and made it happen!THE SET-UPThe S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien turned out to be a fantastic venue to host our Saturday Night Halloween Party Spectacular!  The ship is permanently moored at Pier 45 and so there were no strict "timing" issues like you "had to be there right at 6pm or you would be left behind!"For our group of friends who lean strongly towards the Steam Punk & Gothic-Industrial music scenes, the environment could not have been more perfect.*  Large LARGE SHIP!*  Metal Walls & Submarine Doors*  Large Open Ball Room to host the Dance Floor and DJ Set-up, along with buffet tables for goodies and the Bar.*  Conveniently located SAILOR and SAILORETTE Rest Rooms!*  Large POOP DECK in which we could escape the subterranean Ballroom and come up and hang out with the seagulls, catch some fresh air, have a smoke, view the beautiful San Francisco cityscape from a shipside view.We actually got to walk up the gang-plank to get into the ship which was quite the feat if  you had issues with a fear of heights or "vertigo".  DONATIONSThe S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien is part of a historical preservation society and relies upon donations to keep the ship maintained and in good working order for visitors.  The donations are regularly $10 per person which can be purchased at the head of PIER 45.THE LOWDOWNA historic ship can make for one FANTASTIC PARTY!
We toured this ship on our most recent trip to San Francisco (June 2014) while staying at the Argonaut Hotel near Pier 45. As one of only two restored liberty ships from the WWII era, the Jeremiah O'Brien was a great experience for the family to go back in time (1943) and see what sailors lived on and how we made it through the war.  To think that it only took 60 days to complete this ship is amazing.  We spent 4 hours on this boat exploring every available open area and the kids sat up on the forward and rear guns.  This operation ship has a 2500HP steam engine that was featured in the movie "Titanic".  The engine room itself is a modern marvel.  To see how everything was put together and how America's might and ingenuity came together for our country's need is awe inspiring.  It is a great way to see firsthand how liberty ships played a major role in WWII and specifically the allied landing at Omaha Beach in Normandy France through the D-day diorama on display in the Cargo hold.  I was very excited to learn the Jeremiah O'Brien has an overnight program for special groups such as the cub/boy scouts with I think has a minimum age and parent to child ration.  But I can't wait to get my kids scouting group signed up for this.The boat is maintained by donations and volunteer hours from navy vets constantly painting and restoring this beautiful piece or our country's history. A special THANKS to all of them for what they are doing.Through their efforts and their time explaining how everything worked helped make our visit extremely rewarding. Preserving this ship for future generations has been a great effort by all involved.  If you have the opportunity to tour this ship, its great for adults and families.  Cheers!
Great experience. Living History at its best.  Great volunteers and lots of interesting info available. This is a very worthwhile tour to take, especially fun to get to go on the cruise. Good for all!
While walking around Fisherman's Wharf with our sons (ages 3 and 12), we discovered the SS Jeremiad O'Brien, saw they had a family-rate ticket, and decided to check it out. The ship is very large and you can explore almost the entire thing, which provided both a fun and educational experience for our entire family. There are tons of exhibits on the ship's role in WWII (and now) and you can see the bunks, galley, gun, bathrooms, engine room, and more. The crew members are incredibly knowledgeable about the ship's history and seem very happy to share that information with you. Visiting the SS Jeremiad O'Brien was a very pleasant, and enjoyable, surprise.
The best part was interacting with the knowledgeable volunteers. They really helped add a lot to the (memorable) experience.
Once again I have to say we are truly fortunate to have living history right in the Bay Area. I have been on just about every former naval vessel in the Bay, including the U.S.S. Pampanito, the U.S.S. Hornet, the S.S. Red Oak Victory and the U.S.S. Iowa(while she was in Port Richmond). The S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien is a welcome addition to these military workhorses and is an excellent museum to visit.The S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien was a Liberty ship, a cargo ship that was mass-produced during World War II(the goal being to build more than could be sunk by German U-boats!). The O'Brien like other Liberty ships was responsible for transporting weapons, men and materials to the front. This was no walk in the park however. Liberty ships traveled in convoys that were constantly preyed upon by submarines and by enemy air patrols. Liberty ships were crewed by Merchant Marines and were defended by a small detachment of Navy gunners armed with deck and anti-aircraft guns. Though losses were heavy, the Liberty ships made a very important contribution to the war effort and may very well have turned the tide of the war.You get to see so much if you get the chance to climb aboard, there is a great little museum inside the O'Brien as well as many areas of the ship that are accessible to the public. Its amazing to have been on the only surviving D-Day armada ship that is still seaworthy and continues to take the public and her crew on tours all over the place. If you are a World War II buff, the O'Brien is a must-see! Luckily she's right next to the U.S.S. Pampanito if you want to get some more history in for the day too.They don't have many docents at the moment so its mostly self-guided, but we were able to speak with the helpful and funny shipkeeper, Phil, who made our visit very memorable! The gift shop was surprisingly well-stocked with a great variety of books, DVD's, posters and models. I got to see most of the O'Brien, but I have a feeling I will return. Its definitely become one of my favorite museums in the Bay Area!
Really fascinating piece of our history.
Great staff, wonderful and interesting history!AJ at the gift store was so helpful and friendly! Phil has a lot of stories to tell about the ship! Really great, I'd like to come back to explore some more!
Got to sit on the ship for the July 4th firework show. For $25 a person, we got front and center seats. There were two shows (one right behind us and one right in front of us) that were shooting off the same show simultaneously. The boat was docked but there was free coffee, hot coco, and snacks. Bring a blanket and camping chairs and make yourself comfortable. It was unbelievable. The ship was really cool too.
How can anyone give this ship anything less than 5 stars. On a trip to SF my son and his fiancé had a tour of one of only 2 libery ships in exstance.this ship is so cool it helped win the the war supplying food and goods to the British.Well worth the price. Proud to a American.
We took the ship out way back when the Queen Elizabeth 2 was coming into SF. Unfortunately, the attack on NY City  in 2001 had happened not too long before we went out so there was much naval security for the ship coming into and under the Golden Gate but the trip on the liberty ship was amazing and we had a tour of the engine room and could tell that the volunteers loved doing what they did which was serving food and drinks, restoring engines and machinery and delivering a nice talk about the liberty ship. We bought a dvd which told us all about liberty Ships which I had never heard before. Very interesting..and to think, these men and women who volunteered were able to bring one of the last Liberty ships to Normandy for the 50th reunion in 1995! Truly amazing! Great adventure and recommended for all except I would think children under the age of ten might be very bored and it could be very dangerous for them as well so not recommended for that age group at all.
It might be because I'm in the military, or it might be because I currently work in a history department, but I love touring historical war machines. In essence, what you have here is one of the two remaining Liberty ships, built in under 60 days. That's mad impressive when you take it in. You can explore everything fully, and the guns still rotate (you can pretend to sink boats in the harbor!) What really made the experience is that a volunteer veteran from WWII who served on a Liberty ship took my friend and I around on a free tour telling us about his job, where he lived on the ship, specific jobs people had. It's really moving to see someone who served over 50 years ago, STILL having pride and passion about how he served. Giving up years of your life in your youth to fight a war. That's time you'll never get back. Even more, he's still giving back by volunteering his time and he's ~80? Military members get in free, and I enjoyed it enough that I donated the cost of an admission ticket when left
These ships will never carry the excitement, nor show the awesome military might of the United States, and yet there is no question as to their true importance during World War II. The SS Jeremiah O'Brien, a Liberty Ship, in San Francisco is a living museum, where not only can you walk the deck, but also go out on the bay on!  This museum is well maintained, and shows the history of this critical component of the war effort. One will see the challenging life of those who served.
I got chills when we were aboard this amazing ship. I'd never been on a military ship before. WOW!!  It's self guided and we explored the entire thing!!!  It's pretty amazing mini history lesson for the kids too. Read that they have sleep over options and they also take this vessel out for special outings.. sounds like something really really cool to experience.. next time we'll do the submarine..
After wandering around pier 39 poking our heads into random shops to try to dodge the rain, we finally found an umbrella and were able to wander down the coast a bit. Looking for something to explore we stumbled upon the S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien.The ticket guy (8 bucks a head to get in) sold us our tickets, and told us we were the last people he was going to let in for the day. We gave us the money, he handed us a few brochures, and we hurried onto the ship.The first thing I noticed is the giant naked lady painted on the front of the ship.. awesome :) It wasn't until we got into the ship that we realized that the ticket guy had handed us 8 brochures... all in German... Fortunately we found an English one in one of the holds.We only ran into one worker while wandering around, and one other much older couple. Otherwise, it was like a big play ground/museum. Climbing around from the engine all the way up to the top deck. We learned about the Liberty Ships that were built and sunk during WWII. The one worker we found informed us that the ship is fully functional, and they do a few fund raising trips around the bay. That explained the odd mixing of modern items (suave shampoo bottle in the shower) with the purposely left artifacts from the 40s. As we headed off the ship, we noticed that the gate was closed. It was a fun moment of panic, as we thought we'd been locked into the pier (it has razor wire on top, and extends out over the water). turns out it was just shut, but not locked. got the old heart rate up a bit though. An odd side note is that they have fully functional bathrooms. How many times do you get to use the toilette in a fully functional war ship?
I went on the Jeremiah O'Brien because of Smithsonian Magazine Museum Day Sat 9/25/10.  B. loves boats so we went even though he's been on it a few times, I went pre-Yelp so I had to go back to review it.They have a booth along Pier 45 to buy tickets, but it's was FREE for us with a printout for Museum Day.  Regular price is $10 per adult.You have to walk up some steps onto the ship.  I noticed some bathrooms, I think it's for anyone to use them, I didn't.I think we spent over 1hr there.  Engine Room is the Highlight.  Can't bring backpacks - have to put it on the side before you go down.  Volunteer guide gave us a short talk about the Engine Room, another volunteer let us see some pipes in a confined locked up space.  That was neat.Put in 50c at a machine before the gift shop,  and you'll see how an engine model runs.  That was nice to see.  They have volunteer in the gift shop - there's books. dolls, model of some boats, etc.Might be worth going at least once.
A Fleet Week cruise was $150 and the Shed A parking was full around 10 minutes after boarding started.  As we disembarked, the band played the themes for all of the armed forces so that we could clap to acknowledge the many veterans present.  Because of the steps for the gangplank they don't recommend flip flops but do wear flat shoes because of all the ropes on deck.  Beer, bottled water, and popcorn snacks were included in the ticket price.  I spent several hours here, crossing the Golden Gate Bridge twice as part of the Parade of Ships.  I wore four layers so I could be warm enough to sleep sitting up.  Medical volunteers passed out small bottles of water.  My boyfriend and his brother loved the hot engine room tour.  The crew is helpful, especially when someone in the band needed a medic.  The gift shop machine was out of order.  I didn't see any books or teddy bears I liked but the Omaha Beach diorama was great.  The inner room also has two military jeeps.  The children onboard seemed to enjoy the BBQ lunch and doughnuts.  The view of the San Francisco bay area was worth it.  There are half a dozen porta-potties that didn't smell.
I've lived in the bay area for 40 years and never visited this ship.  So, when the 4th of July rolled around, and our city can't afford fireworks, I thought that it would be fun to go to the city and watch from the water.All of the cruises that went out were very expensive and fortunately, through Yelp, I found the Jeremiah O'Brien.It is difficult to find, and I had to ask several people where it was, but once we found it, I was like a little kid marvelling over this "treasure"  that has been overlooked.They had a band playing marching music,  hot dogs, soda, chips, etc and the best view to fireworks I've ever had.  All this for a nominal fee.  I am only sad that I did not get to see the whole ship.But, they actually have sailings and the next one coming up is a Ghirardelli chocolate cruise.  I hope that more people actually go and visit because it truly is not to be missed.
Who would have ever thought a cargo ship would be this interesting? I only went in because it was conveniently located next to the Pampanito submarine. The O'Brien is one of the best tourist attractions in San Francisco.You never really think about the logistics of fighting a war and how much effort is required for a healthy supply line. Obviously, attack instruments like tanks, fighter jets, and battleships are highlighted. But what brings the supplies, service vehicles, weapons, fuel, etc.? In WWII, the Liberty ships (a bit of war PR going on with the naming) provided the trans-oceanic supply lines.There is plenty of access to freely roam the ship along with educational WWII displays in the cargo hold. By today's intermodal standards, the ship is tiny. Even in the 1940's, these weren't big, but mid-sized ships. These smaller ships were probably faster and easier to build. It also spread the risk. More ships in a convoy meant a greater chance of getting "something" to the destination. Don't put all your eggs in one basket.Although tricky to get to and find, make sure to visit the engine room. And not just the top level, but climb down to the lowest level with the giant cranks. It's like something from the movie "Titanic". Unfortunately, it's really hard to photograph so I don't have a picture to share.Allow 1 hour.
My friends and I went here for an event for St. Patrick's Day and landed a private tour of the entire ship!! Devin was our tour guide and was extremely nice to us. Part of the ship was filmed for the movie Titanic. The ship is pretty huge and we ended up partying it up and dancing the day away on the top deck. We ended up exploring different parts of the ship as well throughout the day. I had a great time.
First off, I like to state that I'm not a history buff or a war veteran, but I simply love this ship.  If you're visiting Pier 39 or Fisherman's Wharf, it's a MUST to visit their WW2 submarine and ship.Yes, there's a small fee to pay to enter the ship, but it's nothing compared to the history and knowledge you gain from this experience. If you want to see everything, make sure to allow yourself anywhere from 1.5 to 2 hours for the entire ship as well.  There are so many rooms you can peek your head into and read about.  You also have to make sure to visit the room that got the little miniatures of the replica of Normandy. If anything, make sure to stop by the front of the ship.  There is a working dual machine gun contraption that you can actually turn and view Alcatraz on.  I thought it was simply amazing to view through the little magnify glass and actually see the people walking around Alcatraz.Highly recommend!!!!
The engine room is in itself a wonder to see.  If you understand steam locomotion, then you must see this triple expansion engine.  This English designed engine is unique because many of the moving parts were oiled by hand and wick action, in essence parts ilike the crankshaft and piston rods are visible.  Check out this animation of a triple expansion engine en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fi…
We visited this ship a few weeks back with my father in law.It was cool being able to see the entire boat.  It was more modernized then I thought it would be(visiting other US navy history ships).It was good to see it, but doubt I will be going back.
A living, working, tribute to the Sailors, Merchantmen, and builders that helped win the war.If you have not been to this ship, you should go.  The cruises are awesome, especially the fleetweek cruise.
I highly recommend visiting the S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien. This thing is pretty big and has a fascinating history to tell.
A great historical piece of machinery. Kids love it. I enjoy it especially during the SF Brew on the Bay
I previously wrote an unflattering review about the S. S. Jeremiah O'Brien.  The problem was that they had used an incompetent marketing organization who screwed up in advertising the 4th of July program.  After my review, Christine (volunteer) contacted me, apologized for the misunderstanding, and offered my family a free, personalized tour of the ship.  I accepted and we took this tour.  Everybody on the ship was extremely friendly, and went out of their way to make us feel welcome.  The ship is fantastic, and impeccably maintained.  I wholeheartedly recommend any program on this ship.
The second best location to view the airshow for Fleet Week. (The only other better spot would be the "Show Box" on the shore!)Great to have a captain aboard to narrate the show for us, and warn of possible "sneak passes" by some of the fighter jets. If you're into aviation, love the sound of roaring engines or the thought of seeing what color helmets the pilots are wearing that day (they're THAT close) get yourself a ticket! I would, however, try to get a spot on the gun platform or stern next year for best viewing opportunities.Oh, did I mention you'll be part of the Parade of Ships AND they might shoot the 3 in. gun again, too?!? Great to see this old gal still chugging along and in the process, keeping history (literally) alive!
Fantastic view of an actual working WWII ship. Going down to see the engine (2500hp at 76rpm) and seeing all the quarters and being able to walk up and down the entire deck was awesome. Let's not forget the gun turrets are WORKING and you can aim them at boats and pedestrians. Not that I would ever do such a thing :)
If you're a maritime geek, you'll love taking a tour of this ship.  Out of the (I believe) 2,700-ish liberty ships built in WWII, this is one of only two remaining in seaworthy condition -- and the ONLY one that remains largely unchanged.Most ships tours severely restrict your access.  Not so here.  You're free to tour the vast majority of the ship at your leisure.  Want to see an engine room and boiler in operation?  Drop by on the 3rd weekend of the month, when they fire the boilers up and turn the screw at dead slow while docked to keep everything lubricated.  They're more than happy to have you in the engine room while they work.Even better -- head out of port with them on one of their several-times-yearly cruises.  I did this over the last weekend... a six-hour memorial cruise that took us from pier 45, out past the Golden Gate bridge for a memorial service, then back across the bay and down the Alameda estuary and finally back to pier 45.The trip included a "continental breakfast" (chuckle -- coffee and doughnuts), and a pretty darn tasty catered lunch... including all the beer, wine or soda you felt like drinking.The docents and crew were really marvelous and knowledgeable and happy to entertain any questions I had.  It was a real treat to stand on the fair weather bridge and watch the captain and bay pilot operate the ship.I wholeheartedly recommend both the docked-tour and the bay cruises they offer.  You won't be disappointed.
One of the best boat tours I ever been on and was free for military. This was one educational ship about how the war world II ship had worked, and how they slept. Showed us were all the weapons were located the engines in the ship, had a little museum inside explaining about hitler and tons of information on Normandy and world war II. Get to walk each part of the deck up and down lots of stairs. Well worth the trip to visit one of the greatest san francisco attractions.
My friends just had a wedding here a few weeks ago, and I helped out with design and production.  The crew is extremely helpful and pleasant.  I've worked in a lot of spaces, and found the experience here to be one of the best in relation to putting on an event.  They are open to new ideas and help come up with innovative solutions to facilitate work in a tricky space.Plus, it's a really cool place to do a party!
Absolutely the best place to watch the Fleet Week air show.  $150 gets you a full day cruise of the bay, coffee and doughnuts for breakfast, BBQ buffet for lunch, and nearly full access to a WWII era merchant marine vessel!We were not the military buffs it seemed most of the elderly passengers on the ship were, but our attention was still held captive by the volunteer docents who could not help but tell you interesting tidbits about the history of the Jeremiah O'Brien.  All the volunteers were so enthusiastic about the ship, it was hard to feel detached.Unlimited drinks throughout the day, which included water, OJ, beer, and various sodas.  The lunch buffet was not bad at all, and I was impressed that they fed a thousand people so efficiently.  No, you can't get any substitutions, but what they did have was pretty tasty.Do not miss the engine room!  Yes, they filmed scenes from Titanic in there, but saying that does not do justice to the incredible amount of machinery they have in there.  Pistons, gauges, dials, and even that awesome lever thing they yank to change the ship's speed!We cruised south down the bay.  Unfortunately, we couldn't cross the Golden Gate Bridge because of the fog.  The air show started at 1pm...we weren't warned of the impending F-18 when all of the sudden BOOM the entire boat shook...was that a sonic boom?  One of the volunteers said it may have been an accidental one, as they're not allowed to "go supersonic".  So yeah, whatevs, I had my bones shaken by a sonic boom (HOW COOL IS THAT?!?!)The air show is much more engaging when you have an announcer who knows his marbles and tells you what kinds of moves the planes are going to make.  I learned that the Blue Angels do tricks that no other aerobatic team would even attempt, which definitely made me appreciate the show more.  It was also mind-boggling to hear that on one pass the wingtips of the plans were only 18 INCHES apart.  That is CRAZINESS.The cruise is advertised to end at 4pm, but we didn't get off the ship until a little after 5pm.  I left with a hilarious sunglasses tan, ringing ears, and a new appreciation for WWI merchant marine ships!
I have to admit that I got the hookup through a friend and got on the self tour for free. If I had to pay though, it would be worth the price. Did you know that the engine scenes in Titanic were filmed on this boat?
Very cool.  Make sure to chat up the staff members in the engine room.  It was fun for our kids too.  A great way to spend about two hours.
A friend of mine had his 30th birthday bash on this battleship -- talk about doing it big!! Okay, so it's not really a battleship -- it's a liberty ship, which means it was a cargo ship built during WW2 -- but telling people that you're going to a party on a battleship just sounds a lot cooler. ;)Located between Piers 43 1/2 and 47, you would never suspect a warship to be docked in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf. We must have asked 5 people for directions, and no one had a clue. Luckily, we spotted a friend who was hanging outside the pier to wait for his motion sickness medication to kick in. Yes, there is a very slight sway you'll feel inside. Just keep drinking and you'll just think it's the booze.What a unique spot to have a party! Although the ship is available to rent for cruise parties, the one we were at was a moored event. It was nice to be able to come and go as you pleased, though it would have been amazing to cruise along the bay in a huge warship. The event space was below the docks, and there was a large dance floor and nice bar area. While it would get stuffy down below, you could easily cool off by going up on the deck and look out onto the gorgeous bay.The ship goes on cruises about 6 times a year. The one coming up is next weekend during Fleet Week. For $150, you can watch the Blue Angels from the deck, enjoy breakfast and a BBQ lunch and be entertained by a live jazz band. There's a lot of history to be learned from the tour you can take during the week. I don't remember why Jessica and I were talking about Titanic the other day, but we were both saying how much we loved the movie. You know you liked it too. An interesting factoid for movie buffs (Titanic fans): "Many interiors, sounds and visuals for Titanic were captured aboard the S.S. Jeremiah O'Brien, including her fully-operational triple expansion marine steam engine, which provided the dramatic massive and churning metallic parts of the famed White Star liner's engine room.A wide range of Jeremiah O'Brien Academy Award-winning sound effects were also captured for Titanic, including metallic door closes, hatch openings, distant engine rumbles (which run throughout the film, to give the sense of movement), bells, clangs, etc. The O'Brien also was taken out into San Francisco Bay so Cameron's sound team from Skywalker Sound could capture a tremendous variety of bow wash, mid-side wash, propeller wake, hull laps, and other water movement sounds, which occupy much of the movie's first 11 reels before Titanic 's iceberg collision. The O'Brien's crew even threw the engines into full-reverse about 20 times, simulating the climactic iceberg collision moment, which provided a wealth of creaks, groans, distant rumbles, perspective shifts, and countless backgrounds used to re-create the factory-like ambience of the steerage compartment."
Highly recommend. I loved the engine room. You can go inside and see the giant functional steam engine. Loved it....
Amazing ship with an amazing history.  We did a cruise during Fleet Week 2010 and it was a blast.  Highly recommend.
First let me say God bless the men & women who served throughout the history of this magnificant vessel. My wife and I had a blast getting to know the history of this ship, the employees were very nice, we had fun on the turret pretending to shoot commie fascists bastards. HAHA LOL! We are definetly are going to plan one of the cruises. God bless the USA!
If I had it all to do over again, I would have spent all day on this ship. From the upper decks to the engine room, it was a fantastic experience for me.Oh, and they have a large diorama that shows how the O'Brien took part in D-Day. I love me a good diorama and the lady in the gift shop left her post to give me a tour of it. This is a great example of living history, a ship crewed by volunteers making an enormous effort to keep the ship viable. That it sails and you can take a short cruise on it (only during specific times of year, be sure and check before you go) is not only amazing but I was charmed by the entire experience and will make an effort to get back for a cruise.
Visitors have free reign to explore most of the ship.  I was surprised that the I was allowed to climb up to the aft gun deck.  The ladders are a bit difficult to climb due to its construction.  Most tourist ships would cover the ladders and deny access.  The ship features over twenty furnished cabins and offices as well as a galley with a wood coal fired stove.  I think the engine room and the diorama showing the ship unloading in Normandy are the highlight.  The ship is a bargain at $8 and definitely worth a visit.
Had to beg my wife and kids to go on it and had to drag them away.  Even my way too cool for anything 16 year old daughter enjoyed it and that says a lot.
Friday post-work open bar happy hour? Stunning views of the city and bay from an f-ing warship? sign me up.don't forget to bring layers, because DAMN it gets windy
Thanks to Homerun we were able to get a 2-for-1 admission to this interesting World War II ship. The volunteer guides were very helpful and friendly and knew a lot about the ship's history. The best and most informative part is the Omaha Beach D-Day landing model built by the French people for the American people as a thank you for liberating their country. The engine room is also impressive. You are free to wander around almost anywhere on the ship and encouraged to ask questions. Everyone should visit this wonderful World War II monument which does a great job of reminding us of the sacrifices made by the war generations and how precious peace is.
