This is a great open space for the wonderful views of the city. You can see the city starting with Bernal Hill on the south side all the way to the tops of the Golden Gate Bridge on the north. Sunset is fun on a warm evening, and there is a wooden bench/platform built on an old stump that is great for appreciating the view. Small but fun for a walk if you live nearby.The space has turned into a nice local "unofficial" dog park, where off-leash dogs can roam and socialize. Owners aren't always the best about cleaning up in the tall grass so be careful where you walk.
Great open space to take your dogs. Essentially in the morning to catch a great view of the sunrise or watch the starry sky at night. There is a small lookout point which is great to cuddle up with the one you love. :)
Three stars for natural beauty and expansive city views.  Minus two stars for man's footprint (the typical anti-social dog park BS, broken glass, litter, cigarette butts, irresponsible pet owners who don't clean up after their doggies, etc.).I mean who smokes in/around/on a hill covered with bone-dry grass in the middle of summer?! Or, those who let their pet shit where other people walk?  Someone PLEASE enlighten me on that one!!!!
We live just down the block and take our dog here all the time.  It's turned into quite the doggie hang-out after work!  Lots of great views of Bernal, Mission, Twin Peaks, and even the top of the Golden Gate Bridge.  Nice place to get away from the city for a few minutes.It's not 5 stars because some careless dog owners don't pick up after their dogs.
Great place to sit and get away from the city in the city: awesome views, native plant life, friendly  neighbors and community run.
Three and a half acres of open land stretch across the southeastern side of Potrero Hill, at the corner of Carolina and 23rd Streets. During dry summer months, passersby meander through crisscrossing paths on the brown parched property and stop to enjoy the views of Twin Peaks and the city. Some even set up lawn chairs and stay for the sunset. [Neighborhood Newswire]
