What a wonderful and peaceful spot in the middle of the city. A stroll around the lake can cure most ills I think. Or at least make you less mad that your boss is an ass.
I went to stow lake as part of an eventful day for my boyfriend's and I 5 year anniversary. It was a beautiful day which made the entire park even more beautiful then it already was. We did the motor boat and walked around the park so I will review them separately. Motor boat:First off the motor boat was just the paddle boat with a battery inside to run the motor. I like this convenience because when we were tired of peddling we just turned on the motor. Pricing wise was very decent for the amount of time they gave. The workers were very informative when we asked the difference between the various boats they provided. Which made it easier for us to decide what we wanted. I just wished they showed us how to use the steering and how to reverse the boat if needed. We were able to figure out on our own after messing around with the steering and knob. I enjoyed the ride and we saw a lot of frogs and birds during the ride. Park: The park had 2 beautiful bridges that connected the park together. The walk was short and in the middle was a man made waterfall that was beautifully made. There are stairs on both sides which allowed you to climb up and take some beautiful shots. There was also a beautiful small pagoda near the waterfall which was very inviting and had chairs and tables for you to sit and relax while watching the view.
Small Lake in Golden Gate Park with a Waterfall, Island and Beautiful Treed Walking Paths!My mother and I visited Stow Lake in the Golden Gate Park during the afternoon of July 30th. Stow Lake is a small lake in the middle of Golden Gate Park. There was a hilly island in the middle of the lake, that was connected to the mainland on one side. On the island, my mother and I wandered through the treed walking paths and discovered a beautiful waterfall called Huntington Falls. Visiting Stow Lake was a relaxing and peaceful way to spend a portion of our afternoon. There were paddle boats available to rent that people could use to paddle around the lake, however we did not do this. Stow Lake was beautiful and natural, and it was hard to imagine that this was situated in the middle of the city! It was a great place to go for a relaxing and quiet walk in nature.
I stumbled upon Stow Lake when my friend and I were driving around Golden Gate Park looking for good photography locations. Neither of us knew about this peaceful spot before and decided to stop and walk around. It was a Saturday afternoon and plenty of people were out, also walking around the lake, riding paddle boats and enjoying the nice weather. There is a beautiful waterfall and so much nature you forget you're in the middle of San Francisco. We had a blast and agreed to come back another time with a picnic lunch and extra time to try the paddle boats ourselves.
First of all- all the little parks inside Golden Gate Park are just awesome. Stow Lake is no exception, and you can rent paddle boats to ride around Strawberry Hill! There's so much to see, and it's a very relaxing area of the park to spend some time unwinding from sitting in traffic, or meetings, all day. If boating isn't your cup of tea, you can cross one of the two bridges leading to the center of the lake and hike up Strawberry Hill. It's a nice climb- not too difficult, but a good workout nonetheless- and take in some great views of the bay and San Francisco at the top.There's a man-made waterfall that you can follow down, and lots of great photo ops along the way. Bring some bread crumbs and feed the many ducks, geese, and birds that congregate around the lake, or take a few minutes to read the inscription on the temple that was a gift of friendship to the people living in San Francisco about 100 years ago. So much history and beauty in this one section of the park, it's definitely worth a visit!
I really enjoyed Stow Lake Waterfalls and Park! Located in the Golden Gate Park, this particular part of the park makes you forget that you're in such an urban city!! So peaceful and calm and it makes you forget that in less than a minute drive you'll be out in the hustle and bustle of the city again!I recommend renting a paddle boat. It seats 2 or 4 people and is $25 for one hour. One hour is plenty to enjoy the lake and nature. My boyfriend and I were actually done in about 50 minutes and we even stopped to take a few pictures along our way around the lake. There's a waterfall, turtles, lots of birds and pretty trees along this lake. Highly recommended!! You can also eat and drink on the boats if your heart desires. There's also a cute cafe here that sells food and drinks. They have the typical American food (burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, fries, soda, tea, coffee, etc). We ate lunch here and it was very reasonably priced -- two chicken sandwiches that came with fries and an iced tea was about $20. Food was decent too. I'd eat here again in the future. While at this park, you're also about a 5-10 minute walk to the Tea Garden, Botanical Garden and Science Center. Make sure to just pack comfy walking shoes!!Parking here is free and there are lots of spaces around. We got here about 11:30am on a Sunday and found there to be ample parking, which is great in the city!Come to this urban park and enjoy a quieter side of the wonderful city that is SF. This place won't disappoint!!Cheers!
This place is just beautiful. It's part of the Golden Gate Park. Came here one gloomy day with my boyfriend, didn't mind the slight drizzling. We had lunch on a "log", and it was nice. They do have benches around as well. Tons of squirrels, of course.The lake is big. You are able to row a boat or paddle. It's definitely a must for families, or if you want to experience rowing with another person like a loved one or a friend. It seems super relaxing.My boyfriend and I walked a bit. We somehow got to the top of the waterfall first. Took some great pics. We worked our way down. The views were very nice. At the bottom there was a little area of cracked rocks(?) right in front of the waterfall. So many photo opportunities. The walk was lovely. I enjoyed it a lot. I would definitely come back again to row!
This was a great way to spend a few hours in the city! The day we came, it happened to be nice and warm and we ended up renting a paddle boat for $25/hour (+ a $5 deposit that you get back at the end of your rental). It took us about 45 minutes but we also stopped several times to just sit in the shade, eat our snacks, and people watch. We saw a good number of turtles, ducks, and geese. We even saw a random crawfish (?) when we walked around Strawberry Hill. You can see a nice waterfall on your trip around the lake.Parking was surprisingly easy to find even though we came on a Sunday afternoon  - we thought we'd have to park outside and then walk in. But if you drive to the lake, there's a small parking lot behind the boathouse, but plenty more parking along the circular drive if you know how to parallel park.Bring a hat and sunglasses! I think I got sunburned. And bring some snacks and drinks!
Admittedly, I originally came to practice my photography in a different venue, but Stow Lake proved to be more interesting than just another scenic venue to San Francisco.  The one caveat to Stow Lake in general though is that everything is man-made. Certain areas of the lake are at a standstill. It's also murky and green and depending on the wind, has the foul stench of hundreds of waterfowl. That said though, it still has this weird charm to it. Many animals call Stow Lake home from common waterfowl all the way to rarer sights like eagles and owls. There are also a variety of activities to do at/around Stow Lake. You can rent boats, bikes, or segways to explore all that this lake and Golden Gate Park has to offer. Or you can hike. Strawberry Hill is fun to explore and culminates with an electrically operated waterfall that is still a sight to behold. If that's not for you, the edge of the lake is also paved making hiking or even jogging a very doable activity. Or you can simply picnic.
I've come here with family, with old and new friends, and by myself, and I always enjoy it, always feel calm, always enjoy the beauty, and am always grateful to be there. I hope you enjoy it too. I feel so lucky to live nearby!
This is a gorgeous spot to walk around or sit and enjoy the beautiful weather. I've never tried the paddle boats but they look like a lot of fun. Parking is easy, even on weekends.
To me GG park is the soul of San Fran (strong words from a 5th gen San Francisco resident).Yes we have many other places but GG has iconic places like Stow lake and strawberry hill which in the midst of a busy city (think Central park) is mind blowing.If you are a tourist...just do it! You wont regret it.If you live here and have never done it...got off your azz and check it out...you'll like itoh yeah this place is just awesome for little kids ( and old ones like me!)
I was hoping to enjoy a nice and relaxing experience with my gf for her birthday. Don't get me wrong, the pedal boating was fun. We spent the full hour touring the lake and observing the ducks swimming and wagging their tails. The scenery was beautiful, hands down. Now comes the negative part. When we were finished with the boat ride, we went to get our $5 deposit so my gf waited in line to get assisted. A young blonde refused to help her and instead told her to wait in another line. That same young blonde turned around and decided to help a man who just simply stood there when his purpose WAS the same purpose as my gf's!!!! I mean, I don't understand what her intention was, maybe she felt like badgering my gf, but if my gf's dad received service from the exact same blonde, you start wondering whether this blonde just hates Asian females. My gf called her out on her offense and I know she was embarrassed. I swear, such people should not be kept on payroll. If a person has a hateful agenda towards people of the same gender but of a different race that person should never be hired and instead be fired. We will definitely come back next time, just hope to never see that racist blonde again.
I went twice within 48 hours.  We came when the sun was setting so we couldn't see anything.  The bridge and the waterfall was what I really wanted to see.  It's so pretty in pictures.  Ended up coming again right before my flight was about to leave.  It's better to come in the mornings! lol.  I don't like the dark!  It was foggy but I still like how my pictures turned out.  It's very relaxing and peaceful here.  It's a new favorite spot for me in the city.
My fiance brought me here yesterday to scout good places for wedding pictures. I loved it! I have been to Golden Gate Park dozens of times before but never found this area. I was so glad he knew about it. There were hardly any people there and there are tons of fantastic, very picturesque places to snap photos. The walk is shaded and not too strenuous. They have little pedal boats to rent. There are birds, ducks, turtles, etc. The waterfall is gorgeous! I would recommend this spot to anyone.
PEACEFUL SPOT IN THE CITY. yelp.com/user_local_phot…GREAT DATE SPOT. I think I came here on a date with someone a long long time ago. We rowed in a boat on the lake. It was so romantic in a cheesy kind of way. We stopped to see the ducks. We got really close to the waterfall. I sat there while he rowed, but I can't remember who it was with. Fast forward to this past weekend. My son wanted to ride the paddle boats but the boathouse closed at 4pm!! So we went geocaching around the lake and jumped on to the island and climbed to the top of the hill overlooking Huntington Falls (kind of like Tom Sawyer Island at Disneyland but everything is real!) and it brought back some of those magical memories from long ago. But I still don't remember who it was with. My husband says it was him, so we'll just go with that.
Row your boat.For kids: youtube.com/watch?v=aruz…For adults who still want to be kids: For $20 you can paddle a row boat for an hour on this peaceful and beautiful lake in the middle of Golden Gate Park.Enthusiastic five stars from the kid in all of us.
Neat little diversion at Golden Gate park. $20/hour for a rowboat or $25/hour for a paddleboat. The lake itself isn't too big but it's got a few knickknacks like a waterfall and some ducks to look at. Fellas, if you're bringing a date here please, please make sure your girl is actually interested in you before doing so. I saw one boat where the dude was doing all the rowing while the chick was bored out of her mind and spent the whole time texting on her phone. I haven't seen such a brutal date in my life.
Stow Lake is definitely one of my favorite spots in the city. It's so pretty here and serene too! When I was a wee little one, my parents would rent the paddle boats occasionally during the weekends and afterwards go take me to play in the playground area that's nearby. There are paddle boats, rowboats, & bikes(?) that people can rent to use for their enjoyment. Paddle boats are fun since like everyone get to put in effort to make the boat move. Haha.. whereas the rowboat is more..a romantic type of boat experience. ;)I've done the rowboat once while I was on a date years & years ago (Okay, not that long long ago | about 5yrs ago actually so it's not like super ages ago!).... Lol and of course, the dude did all the rowing while I sat there & looked pretty. Hehe.. that's what all girls should do right? Unless you're the type of girl who wants to show off your muscle power to a guy to prove that girls can do what guys can do type of dealio. Then more power to you.The last few times that I was at Stow Lake was for photosessions which is perfect setting for pictures. You got the serene lake, beautiful stone bridges, waterfall, Oriental Pavilion, and the interesting trees. I would definitely love to come back sometime in the future to do the boats again...
Stow Lake is a nice place to visit in Golden Gate Park, there's also a "Boathouse" that rents out boats for people to use by the hour.They have paddle boats you use foot peddles to power, which I think looks fun and less strenuous.  They have row boats, which looks like it could be a bit of work and maybe potentially tiring if not frustrating.   They also have electric boats, which are easy, but seem to maybe be too easy, so less of a challenge.It's a nice place to walk around, it goes a full circle and I think it feels like about a 1 mile loop around, so you can walk, jog or run around it.As kids, we used to come here and bring bread to feed the ducks (now there's a lot more pigeons and sea gulls 'tho which are a tad less cute and way more aggressive)As teens, we'd walk around and pick the berries and eat them (not sure if that's safe anymore).  You can also sometimes see guppies in the water too feeding around the perimeter of the lake.Parking is very easy here, or at least when I came here it was.Oh, here's a famous urban legend about Stow Lake and "The Lady of the Lake" too, which I found on the internet...The famous ghost story and legend of Stow Lake has been circulating for nearly 100 years, and it goes something like this: Once upon a time at Stow Lake, in Golden Gate Park, there was a lady who was walking her baby in a stroller. After a while, this lady got tired and rested on the bench next to the lake, with the stroller right next to her. While she was sitting, another lady came to sit down next to her and they started talking. While they were conversing, the stroller rolled away unnoticed. The stroller with the baby fell in the lake. After the two women finished talking, the lady noticed her baby was gone and panicked right away. She then walked around Stow Lake and asked people, "Have you seen my baby?" She spent all day and all night asking everyone. When the night was over, the last place she checked was the lake. She went into the lake looking for her baby and ever since, she hasn't been seen again.It is rumored that if someone goes to Stow Lake at night, weird occurrences take place. Stories have been told that the lady comes up from the lake, or the statue in her honor comes to life, or she will come up to you and ask, "Have you seen my baby?" Other reports say if you drive there with your friends in a group of cars, all the cars will stall at the same time. Another rumor is said that, if someone says "White lady, white lady, I have your baby" three times, the lady will appear. She'll ask you, "Have you seen my baby?" If you say yes, she'll haunt you and if you say no, she'll kill you.So if you decide to walk around Stow Lake some night, beware of the White Lady. And if you walk through the street at night this All Hallows Eve and feel your hair stand on end, you might just be in the presence of one of the other ghosts of San Francisco.
I know that I went to Stow Lake when I was little but I don't remember the details. I have also gone by the lake a couple times running local 5Ks, but I never truly appreciated it. But yesterday, well yesterday this just so happened to be our destination for a run with friends who live near Golden Gate Park. The weather was perfect. The other people were not great in number, quiet and considerate.   We ran up to and around Stow Lake and then made our way to the top of Strawberry Hill to take in the gorgeous views. This is truly a gem, to be enjoyed by both tourists and locals.
If you see this boat a rockin' don't come a knockin'... that's just me and the old man trying to not go overboard while switching rowing duties. And, don't worry if you do fall in the lake and can't swim - just stand up; the lake is pretty shallow.They offer three types of vessels in which to get your Gilligan on -  a row boat, pedal boat, or electric. The pedal boat can fit up to 4 passengers. I prefer the row boat because I like the view... the view of my bronze Adonis flexing his muscles as he rows us ashore. Aside from my awesome view, this lake is beautiful. Lots of water fowl, and a lovely waterfall. The boat rentals are for an hour; which is just long enough to navigate the entire lake, at a leisurely pace. Fellas take note... you'll score extra points with your lady by rowing her around this lovely spot. But, I also had fun getting my row on.
Stow Lake was not somewhere I planned on going to  but I was beyond pleased to start my morning in such a serene place. If I lived around here, I would definitely make it a routine to do my morning jog. As soon as I saw people on paddle boats/row boats, I had to find the area to rent it. I took some lovely shots of the lake /waterfall/bridges. I got lucky the rain didn't start until I was on the paddle boat of course.
Last weekend was the first time Jamie W. and I had been to Stow Lake since they renovated the Boathouse and replaced all the paddle boats late in 2011. The place definitely looks cleaner and more efficiently run with a lot of families hopping off and on the boats with surprising dexterity. At the same time, it's still the same charming place it's been since I was a child, and my dad took me here back in...well, none of your business. I remember I used to be one of those jumpy toddlers who had to do all the pedaling.It's a control thing, something I never got over except I don't do it with my feet anymore. I always thought this place was more quaint than gorgeous with a tinge of amusement park about it with the electrically pumped Huntington Falls on the preciously named Strawberry Island, the anomalous Chinese Pavilion along the fringe of the island trail, and the rocky Rustic Bridge connecting the island to the perimeter. There are ducks, gulls and turtles everywhere on the lake, so kids will obviously be enchanted by all the wildlife. Adults, too, some of whom look like they're looking for dinner.Even though the familiar pink candy popcorn is still sold here (a nostalgic treat for me), eating here certainly moved up a notch with the introduction of food from La Cocina, American Box and Let's Be Frank, all of which I've tried at other locations but not here. It's great to see that nothing is more than $7. The hourly boat rental rates are not bad either - row boats at $14, pedal boats at $19, and electric boats at $29 (though I've rarely seen anybody on an electric boat here). I still haven't been up to the top of the hill. Too lazy, I guess, but a stroll around the lake is not necessarily beyond me.
Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 5/100We got lucky enough to land a 64 degree day when we came here last week. But if I could turn back time, there would've been two things I would've taken with me - my hiking shoes and a good book to read. It's so serene and tranquil here. Turtles were soaking up the sun on rocks. Gulls took off from the waters and flew in a beautiful shade of grey in the sky. Coots waded in the still waters. There's a boathouse with paddleboats and rowboats available for rent at an hourly rate if you walk farther up towards Strawberry Hills. Imagine the 'Kiss the Girl' scene from Little Mermaid and that scene in the Notebook when Noah rowed Allie along the lake. This is probably just me daydreaming but I think Stow lake is where romantic moments can very much happen. It provides a neat path for people to walk along and benches to sit at. In my case, I couldn't have asked for more when all I needed was a peaceful getaway from the barren desert and Stow Lake was a perfect refresher.
So just a heads up if you're doing the paddle boarding, those things move slow so just be prepared. :P  It was such an amazing day to go out and paddle board and see the beautiful scenery, it really makes you able to escape the crazy city for a minute and enjoy nature as much as you can in the heart of SF. :P Definitely somewhere worth an afternoon if you have nothing else to do and just want to chill and people watch.
I went here during the summer and I must say it's a really nice place to go to. They have different pricing depending on which boat you'd like to use. There's a row boat and a pedal boat. The row bow is cheaper if I remember. It's great for a nice relaxing sunny day with the breeze blowing in your hair. Any other day than that, you're either in the sun for too long or it's way too cold. I also have to mention, very important. The pedal boats go ONLY one speed. Slow..... So there is no point in pedaling faster or slower. You get nowhere. Because of that, I think it's great for photo taking, picnic on the boat, and just sight seeing. My only downfalls were that I was on a short time budget and the pricing was getting a bit expensive. They charge you by the hour. You won't get around the whole lake in an hour. And if you leave before it hits an hour, they still charge you for the full hour.
I've been coming here since I was 3 days old! I grew up loving the lake, all the various animals, the pedal/motor boats, the popcorn at the boathouse, the waterfall hike, and people-watching. I still enjoy all of these things without fail.I have been fortunate enough to see some awesome things:1. a newborn brood of ducklings being incubated by Mama Duck on a flat rock,2. the hideout of some very cute bunnies,3. having gophers and squirrels take bread from my hand, and 4. performing a circus trick with seagulls where they fly in a huge circle and take turns catching bread I've thrown up at them.I hope you enjoy this place as much as I have!
Cool place to go with friends and family for paddle boating, row boating, hiking, or chillin'. Fresh air and very green environment with friendly families, can't go wrong.Also the staff around this area is kick butt awesome, and they do a good job of keeping the place fresh i.e. pulling weeds often, rebuilding paths, etc.Great place to volunteer with a group (what we did)
I love Stow Lake. I've been here to bike, paddle boat, picnic, and feed the ducks. All are amazing. Careful with the geese though...they always freak me out because they're so aggressive. It's really interesting to see how the different ducks and birds react to the bread. Some are crazy and some are so calm. There was one female duck which was my absolute favorite because she was sitting at the side of the lake all calm - never fighting with the other ducks for the food or being mean. I made sure to give her plenty on the side.
Nice man made lake. Free parking within Golden Gate Park. Boat house you can  exercise using rented row /paddle boats, bicycles/carriage, or not exercise using Segways. You can even walk around lake with your dog or just feed the ducks and wild life.
I love this place! I love walking my dog here[+] beautiful rock path along the base of the waterfall[+] can also walk across a bridge in front of the waterfall[+] nice piece of nature w/ all sorts of birds and squirrels[+] there's a dirt path and there's a concrete road too[+] free parking![+] good for strolling/walking and for running
Love this park within the Gold Gate Park.Bunnies, ducks, Canadians (geese) and other floral and fauna were in abundance. I didn't do the paddle boat part but it was fun watching others.I didn't see any swans this time *cries pitifully*
I recently wandered into SF golden park and stumbled across this massive lake.  There are very nice walk paths for running and jogging.  The lake wraps around and you can paddleboat or canoe rental.  This lake is very relaxing and peaceful with plenty of paths which go up the hill.  I wandered up to the top but was disappointing because you cant see anything from the top.  I was hoping to get a nice view, but its blocked by all the tall trees.  The top has a few picnic tables and sandy spots for picnics, but for the most part it wasnt much up here.  If you dont have the extra 30min I wouldn't climb to the top because there isn't much to see up here.
Who knew this place was here? First time. Very well executed. Looks great... a little smelly, probably because it is reclaimed water? Do they use reclaimed water? Maybe a better guess would be that it has too much algae?It looks great in pictures though!
Stowe Lake is my favorite spot in the city. I've been coming here since I was a baby. I even took my first steps here, trying to chase the ducks. I didn't get very far that day, but 20 years later I still frequent this park on a regular basis. Stowe lake used to be on the way between my home and my school so I would often walk there and back and cut through stowe lake as a short cut. At one point I came here so often I became familiar with the ducks' lifecycle...knowing when to expect ducklings, when mating season was, and when they were starting to get old. I've watched generations of ducks grow from fluffy peeping ducklings to beautiful, playful adult ducks. I like to bring some frozen peas or cracked corn to feed them PLEASE PLEASE don't feed the ducks bread! It's junk food and makes them fat and poop everywhere. It also has no nutritional value to them. So please, bring some peas or something healthy for them :)I love walking to the top of Strawberry Hill. It used to be quite a trek for me but these days it's easy peasy and the view is great. The Chinese gazebo thing is really unique and beautiful. Stowe Lake will always have a special place in my heart. A small note, there are quite a few mosquitos (duh, still water everywhere). So if you're prone to bite, I suggest a bit of bug spray (on yourself) to keep them away :)
You can cross the bridges at 2 points on the walkway which will lead you to a hike up a mountain. When you hike up the hill, you can see a partial view of the Golden Gate Bridge, it's sort of blocked by many trees. Stand on the tree stump for a better view, just don't fall. There's also a view of the waterfall from above on the other side of the mountain island.Wear pants, because you legs will touch plants unless you don't care.Go back down to the main walkway so you can feed ducks, pigeons, geese, & seagulls. Just don't feed ducks 100 feet from the boat rental/snack store/dock.There is plenty of parking all around since this lake is pretty big. Keep going down the road, you'll find parking eventually. The entrance towards Lincoln Way is usually a lot more crowded than any other spot for parking.
One of the best areas in the park to hike around and take in some views. We saw baby owls on our last trip. The waterfall and Chinese gazebo are cool areas to take pictures.
perfect place to have a date to confess your love or have an engagement photoshoot. you can easily go around the lake within an hour. although it is just a little expensive, 20-25 bucks and hour, it is worth the experience
Great place for an afternoon with your lady friend. Hit up the boat house and get a rowboat or just kick it around the park. This place has tons of parking so no need to cab it and waste money. We found plenty of spots even on the weekend.
Went here on a sunny day and it was a lot of fun! Despite the great weather, the lake didn't seem overly crowded and there wasn't a wait for boats. It's also pretty cheap; our paddle boat was $19 and fit 4 people. Would have been perfect with a few brewskis, so don't forget to bring a six pack!
Great, flat walk around the perimeter of the lake, lots of ducks/geese -- want to mark it on my to-do list to come back here and check out the paddleboats. So wonderful.
Paddle boats for novices; rowboats for the coordinated...This is such a great place to visit.  The lake is beautiful, and the island is fun to explore.  Renting a boat is a must do!
Golden Gate Park is just filled with secret gardens and hidden beauty spots that tend to go unnoticed by hordes of tourists busying themselves by the Wharf or waiting in line to ride the cable cars. Stow Lake gets its fair share of out-of-town visitors, but even in coming during a weekend, we found the lake seemingly deserted compared with the rest of the park. Sure there were lots of cars parked, but we walked by hardly anyone on our way up Strawberry Hill. Found a couple laying down on the rocks, making out next to the waterfall (which had quite a ripe stench that day, but I guess when the mood strikes there's no deterring matters of the nether regions, huh?), but did everyone else just disappear into the brush?The island in the middle is quite scenic with the stepping stones in front of the falls with the nearby pagoda, and it's fun to watch squirrels chase each other and yelling. "Go back to Canada!" at the geese who can't make up their minds on which way to float. Though the falls are obviously engineered, and not natural, they're still quite pretty.
By far the best part of the park. lots of benches by the water so you can feed the ducks, coots and ugh the seagulls. Strawberry hill is right across the stone bridge and theirs always plenty of people so feeling safe isn't a problem. Only downside is people are supposed to keep their dogs on leashes but fail to do so and its quite annoying.
I have always marked this under Golden Gate Park. Stow Lake one of the attractions in the park. Nice walk ways along the water, a small waterfall, Nice wild life, you can rent bikes and even paddle boats. It is a nice getaway with in the city for sure. Parking can be busy at times, but I honestly never had a problem... just wait a few minutes and someone will leave. It is free too. Photography of wild life is can be nice as you have water fowl, turtles and squirrels in abundance.
I love this place! There a bike rental shop, there's the boat house where you can rent a row boat or pedal boat. There are ducks, geese, turtles, squirrels. There's a paved path around the lake and trails to explore the little island at the heart of the lake...and on this island currently (June 2011) there is a family of owls! I often see bird watchers coming here so it's definitely not a surprise that these owls are here.You'll often see couples and families walking the paths, the occasional jogger and lots of tourists (on the outer path, not the island so much). Makes for good walks :)There is plenty of parking around the lake and just outside of it on MLK drive.The last time I came I was walking along the outer paved path looking for the turtles that inhabit the lake and actually saw Koi fish in the lake. I felt bad for them because the water at stow lake is a murky green  and I don't see how the fish could live there. I feel like this water is nasty and fowl compared to the cleaner looking water at ponds like the palace of fine arts, or the rose garden. It's been like that as long as I've know stow lake though.
It might be dirty in spots, and it might smell a bit odd in certain areas... but pound for pound, Stow Lake is one of the coolest expanses of nature I've seen yet in the city. Kinda stumbled upon this H2Oasis on accident while the lady and I peddled our Huffys through Golden Gate Park last week, and I'm glad we did. There's plenty of cool wildlife to check out, including ducks, swans and squirrels that eat out of the laps of drifters... and there are even a few cougars and pumas, though these feisty cats don't live in the jungle, they live in the suburbs of Marin County. Watch out for 'em, I hear they're dangerous. You can rent paddle boats for some sightseeing around the lake that goes around in a circle with an island in the middle, or you can take the easy way out and rent a motorized contraption that will do the same trick, just without the inflamed glutes after the fact. Turns out, peddling through the water on a pontoon boat for over an hour is a lot more fun observing from the shore... go figure.
When the sun is getting lower and the mid-winter sun makes you all toasty (as it did yesterday) under a clear blue sky, and there are seagulls, ducks, and turtles in the water, this place reasserts its beauty and tranquility into your bones.I do love this place, even if a bit crowded on a gorgeous day. This is a terrific place to simply unwind and just relax.
I'm convinced that Golden Gate Park is magic.  Every time I go in and get lost, I find something new, wonderful, and strange.  Strange only in that I wonder how everything fits in there, each aspect is veritably sandwiched right alongside its neighbor but yet remains its own distinct individual oasis.  It's as if each occupies its own unlikely dimension and I'm being transported light years away from my home instead of a number of city blocks I can count on one hand.  Stow Lake epitomizes this idea, for me.When I'm there, I'm both home and not home at all.  I'm back East in the woods, except the trees are taller and grander and the wildlife is more abundant and more varied...but the snack shack still looks like the ones I remembered, and the pond still smells like pond, and the sun-bleached paddleboats are familiar, too.But I really never get tired of going to Stow Lake.  If I want some exercise, I hike around the lake itself and up to the top of the waterfalls.  If I want a picnic, there are benches to accommodate.  If I want to take in nature, there are very gregarious Mallards, Muscovy ducks, coots, geese, gulls, and (to a lesser extent) turtles who are really rather happy to make my acquaintance.  If, instead, I want to people-watch, I can see old couples, young children, dogs, dog owners, lovers, and tourists all living their lives parallel to mine.  I can feel tiny and insignificant in a way that rarely feels so comforting.  And, if I want to get my own dog some exercise, I can watch him run away from Muscovy ducks.Stow Lake is kind of like the best parts of me, humanity, and the earth all rolled up into a relatively bite-sized chunk of land in the middle of an enormous green park in the middle of an entrancing and engaging city.  It's also a 10 minute walk from my apartment.  It's a good thing it doesn't have anything else going for it - the world can't safely contain that kind of awesome.
This is a fantastic place to go walking inside Golden Gate Park. You can go either on the longer paved outer trail or on the variety of dirt trails in the inner island. The best touches are the waterfall and the Chinese pavilion donated from Taipei.Also, as a kid I loved the times I went boating here, especially the foot paddle boats. It's been ages since I've done that, hope that's something I get to do again despite my stiff joint.
A beautiful retreat. I come for the waterfalls, the ducks, and the people viewing. I have yet to take a boat out.
In our college days, the bf prepared a picnic lunch for us to eat on a boat. He then proceeded to shatter the romance by rowing the boat backwards and accidentally smacking a seagull out of the water with the oar. I was still smitten.
Such a beautiful area! It's like it's own little park above the rest of the park. People are paddle boating and row boating in the lake. Lots of wildlife...turtles, geese, ducks, etc love just taking an afternoon stroll here. It's so nice and peaceful just to sit and relax! And also plenty of parking available too!
Simply put it Drop Dead Gorgeous...Grab a lunch and have it front of the lake and you won't be disappointed
The boy and I came here between Anchor Steam and dinner at the Embarcadero.  I had only been here once before as a small child, and somehow remembered it being a lot bigger.  The boathouse and snack bar were closed, so it wasn't terribly crowded.  We hiked all the way to the top of the hill and back, which was a pretty good workout (although on the way down we discovered the stairs and took that shortcut).  There isn't much of a view from the top due to the abundant trees and other foliage.
I'm city born and bred. Would you believe it was my first time coming here this past Tuesday? Oh boy, how sad is that?This is a great place to walk around, even to come and knit. I need to remember that. We did so much walking that I was pooped by evening.The geese are super bold here, probably b/c they're used to ppl giving them food? I didn't spot the heron's nest; I need binoculars for that. It was fun to see the turtles. And I was surprised to see such a big, dead fish at one point too.
Love the scenery. Love the calm. Love that it's in the middle of the city that I love. One day, long time ago, the Mr and I rented a paddle boat and circled the lake. Don't be fooled, it's a lot more work than it looks, but again it's all about the experience right? I've always loved Stow Lake. When we remember we have some old bread, the birds are always more than willing to gobble them up.There's a trail that circles the outside of the lake and there are also two bridges that lead you to the "center" where there is a "faux" waterfall, a pagoda, and a trail that you can hike up to the top.
Stow Lake is an important part of a day spent exploring Golden Gate Park. You can take one of two bridges over the water to the island, and there's so much to do! There's a trail all around the island that takes you past the bridges, the Pagoda, a waterfall and the paddleboats, and there's a trail that takes you up high in the center of the island, where (I imagine) there must be a pretty good view. If you want to take photos, this place is amazing.  Plenty to look at, like geese, squirrels, bluejays, people walking their puppies, on the day I went here there was even a wedding!Parking is easy, it's all free, you could bring lunch! Makes for a good day.
How does Stow Lake not get five stars?  Well, there's a hokiness to it that is only properly assuaged by renting a boat and being out on the water.  But the boat rental isn't cheap, which makes opportunities for truly enjoying the lake few and far between.I do love the turtles and how they crowd the shore when someone is feeding them.  In fact, all the random wildlife is what gets this place its secure four-star rating.And there are those strange swan-like things with the weird red things on their faces.  I love those guys, even though they're really scary.  Oh, and there are some pretty cute gophers around the lake as well.
Cmon, you gotta love Stow Lake, especially since it's haunted. That's right, haunted. I'm sure everyone knows the story, but I'll just briefly tell the story. There's a few variations, but here's one of them. So legend has it that a young lady in the victorian era was boating with her baby and the baby accidentally fell out and she jumped in to save it. Both the lady and the baby drowned. Now at night, if you walk around Stow Lake or Strawberry Hill, you can see a figure in a white victorian dress looking for her baby. I've tried to do it one time with my friends, but we wussed out once we reached the bridge. I think we were more scared of the homeless than the ghost. During the day though, this is just a beauty. A small lake with a fantastic view of SF on Strawberry Hill. There's also pedal boats you can rent to go around the lake, which is a nice little activity. Just a wonderful place overall.
If you can find a secluded spot here then you will find it very tranquil, but even the areas where lots of people congregate are really nice.
Love this park! So many things to do. Go for a walk, boating, feed the ducks/turtles/fishes, hike, jog, run.. take in the sun. Great for all ages and great for tourist as well. Near de Young Museum and Natural Science Museum and Japanese Tea Garden. Take a stroll if you are in the area.
Rent a boat!  Dont forget to bring expired cereal with you..Ducks will follow along.This is a really nice chill place to go when it is sunny. You can see turtles pop their heads up to take a peek at your boat before they hide underneath it.its also a really sweet place to bring a date to embarrass them because they dont know how to paddle a boat..its all just fun though!
What a great little place!  I have lived in the Bay Area most of my life and been to Golden Gate Park many times, but for some reason never discovered Stowe Lake until last weekend.  The weather was perfect so that didn't hurt.  Rented a boat and paddled around the lake which took about 45 minutes or so with a few stops to look at birds and turtles.  Such a peaceful and pretty area.  Water is a little green and needs some tlc which is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  Great place for a date or to bring your kids.
I confess, we went here mainly because we were intrigued by the ghost stories. Once we got here though, the sheer beauty of Stow Lake made us forget all that. We hiked up Strawberry Hill stopping every now and then to admire the view and take some pictures. You can get a pretty good workout by just hiking up the hill, then renting a paddle boat and doing a few laps around the lake. Paddle boats are a bit pricey though, but lots of fun!!
What a great walk. Waterfall , lake, trails around the island, trees, squirrels, ducks. O Yes. You will enjoy it
Take a walk through gorgeous GGP and not far from the De Young Musuem you will find Stow Lake Waterfalls and Park, one of my favorite SF spots to walk, ponder, run, read, take pictures and gawk at the beauty that is SF.  Cross one of the bridges and you can get to the waterfall, chinese pavillion.  Climb to the top for great views of the city.  Take some crakers and feed the duckies, or impress your lady, build some serious leg muscles and suffer soreness for the rest of your SF vacation and rent a paddle boat.
Stow lake is one of my favorite places to take visitors in the city, very peaceful and serene. The Chinese pavilion makes you feel a million miles away. Last Saturday the city weather was beautiful, people were out and about the GG park was packed but Stow Lake remained peaceful.
Great place for duck hunting
Love exploring these hidden gems.  Though it hasn't been running for the past few months I can remember, the waterfall is spectacularly kitchy and even dry, worth seeing.  Of course that will lead you through several other sites on the lake such as the Chinese Pavilion and the boathouse.
After seeing all the great reviews here on yelp, I was really excited to visit Stow Lake. However, the wait on a Saturday was pretty long, and I had to wait nearly an hour! The wait wasn't bad because it gave me time to explore the park, which was fairly quiet and nice. However, I was somewhat underwhelmed for some reason, perhaps because I was able to paddle through the lake in half an hour. Stow Lake was nice, and I don't regret coming here, but paddle boating wasn't cheap at $19 for an hour, and I'm not sure I would come again. It just wasn't THAT amazing of an experience for me.
After reading the other reviews, I wish we took the time to walk up strawberry hill. It sounds like we missed the best part of the lake!Being in such a busy city, this place is actually quite peaceful if you want to get away for a short time. We came here when the sun was about to set, so we only had about an hours worth of daylight, but luckily it seemed like we beat out what would have been a large crowd of weekend goers. We walked the whole circumference of lake, taking a few breaks for pictures. The water is very green and filled with lots of algae and ducks. The waterfall was beautiful from a distance.We even saw two little birds punking a squirrel. That was hilarious, adding our own commentary! I guess the squirrel invaded their territory!Next time we will explore the rest of this serene park!
Apparently, this place is also rumored to be haunted. There is a statue by the lake of a woman and her two children. The story goes that the two children drowned in the lake, and the mother also drowned when she tried to save them. The mother's ghost still haunts the lake as she searches for her children. Sad story. I haven't seen the ghost. I don't believe in ghosts, but I still wouldn't come here at night! Also, the lake is still a fun place to visit!
Stow Lake is probably one of my favorite places. Golden Gate Park is already a peaceful treasure in the magnificent SF. But every time I go to Stow Lake, it feels as if I'm discovering the beautiful wildlife haven for the first time. There's plenty of people and dogs circling the lake, and along that trail are also a pagoda and waterfall! Seagulls, geese, and ducks are perched on lakeside rocks, and some of them swoop down to glide across and land in the water. You can even rent a boat (paddle or row, your choice) and spend an hour admiring the scenery from various other angles. Since Stow Lake is at the top of a hill near the DeYoung and Cal Academy of Sciences, our family always spends some time there after a half day of visiting one of the museums. When we climb to the top and look upon the waters of Stow Lake, it feels like we've entered another world. It's quite beautiful.
I came here with a friend to look for spirit animals and dead babies... we found neither. If I were to find a spirit animal here I would be greatly disappointed with their selection. Animals I had to choose from:1. Duck2. Squirrel (which I found out... I don't know how to spell)3. PigeonI was hope'n to all hell that none of the animals magically started to talking to me. At one point a squirrel began to follow us, and I swore that if that little rat cousin bastard opened his little mouth and says "Hey Danny, I'm Dale, your spirit animal," I was going to jump in to the 1000ft deep lake and drown my self like the little kids that the statue at the entrance shows. Luckily he scampered off into the sunset... well bushes, but the first way makes him sound like a cowboy. The lake is green and smelly, the walk around it to the top of strawberry hill in the middle of the lake is quite nice, and there is even a reservoir at the top that makes me think that is where they keep the ghost bodies of the kids and mom from the statue... because it is all creepy fenced off, and makes gurggly sounds, like the sounds of underwater souls left to remain in a constant state of traumatic limbo... I watched the ring, I know whats up.
You should probably just go here and experience it for yourself. It's pretty darn awesome. Walk (or run if you're an ambitious sort) the trail on the island or sit on one of the benches next to the old men in the newsboy caps look at the birds and contemplate life. Or if you have a twenty burning a hole in your pocket, grab your honey and get a paddle-boatin'.
How often is it do you get to experience a lake in the middle of a busy city? I absolutely love this place, it seems perfect for a Saturday afternoon run with a buddy. The only downfall to this place is the amount of people/tourists that flock to the lake. It's made worse by the people who feed the PIGEONS!!! I loved walking around, watching the turtles struggle to find a spot on the logs, only to spend their day soaking up the sun - so funny! There's a waterfall at one end with a bridge at the top where you can overlook the lake. Nearby is a Chinese gazebo, donated by the city of Taipei.We saw plenty of ducks, lots of turtles, random fish and of course, squirrels! You also have the option to rent row boats or pedal boats to ride through the lake. The walk around the lake was pretty long and quiet, compared to the bustling streets of San Francisco. There are rumors that this lake is haunted but I haven't seen anything out of the ordinary : )
I love Stow Lake so much I have walked here almost everyday since I moved here. I have started saving my stale breads for the ducks and geese that live there. I love it so much right now especially for all the spring flowers and the mating duck pairs. I love that I live in a big city but this is basically in my back yard!!
Took the little tyke to the Stow Lake Waterfalls. . . If you take the trail to the right, you arrive at the top of the waterfalls, we opted to start at the bottom - thus taking the trail to the left.  Watching a 2 1/2 year old kid climbing the wooden stairs is way too cute.  As you are climbing, every few feet is a rest area or a bridge where you can see the water cascading down - tis a beautiful sight.  We finally reached the top and played with the squirrels - had a snack and started back down,  Then we walked around the lake, stopped at the Pagoda (where many years ago, my best friend had her wedding).Note:  for those romantic at heart, a sunset waterfall hike/walk with a picnic at the Pagoda will win someone some brownie points.
