This is a good park in a great location.They had a convenient area for children to play and it's close enough to tourist attractions that you can wear your kids down instead of having them wear you down.Given that San Fran has so much concrete, isn't it great to be able to give that up for green space?
A very clean and spacious playground w/o any sort of shade whatsoever. I like to take my kids in the late afternoon to avoid bursting into flames. Usually this is my last stop so the kids (mainly Gavin) can run amuck before the drive home. + jungle gym + swings + slide + toddler play area + plenty of benches+ gatedOne of the best finds. Gavin loves it here.
Great little park right in the middle of the huddle and bustle of the financial district!  Good for a picnic, to walk your small dog, or even just a quick stroll.
This is where the Parrots all come back to in the evenings. Years ago, we would feed them apples and sunflower seeds until it became illegal. Since that time, we never came back. After a big meal we just walked around and ended up back here.Times have changed a bit, there is a huge "cooper" looking piece of art work where the low lying tree used to be where we would feed them. The homeless or 99% folks were all gathered by the artwork (about 30 of em!)...not feeling safe! I noticed at least 3 items off the park sign that were being violated! :(But the endless squawking was a relief and a sight that I fondly remembered. I don't feed them, but took some pictures.
Pigeons sounding off in the evening, close proximity from much of the Financial District's "Tower's of Power" and a patch of the city that is now concrete.
The new children's playground which debuted today in Sue Bierman Park is a fabulous addition to the neighborhood. The floor is spongey and great for running, accident-prone toddlers. The new playground offers great fun for a range of ages - from little tykes like my son to older kids who are capable of climbing rope contraptions and not scared of pretty steep slides. The SF Parks and Rec department held a fantastic opening day event today (w/ volunteers from Zynga), complete with great music, free carnival rides, face painting, balloons, etc. Really a great time for all. I was very impressed that this was a free offering for the public.Looking forward to coming out to this playground more often - it is such a beautiful area, right near the Embarcadero. Highly recommend.
Great place.  The end.
