What a gorgeous park! We walked through here on our way back to our car and were dazzled by the spectacular views! The park was clean and not very crowded at all. It'd be a great place to just hang out and relax with a book. I'm definitely remembering Sutro Heights Park for my next visit to San Francisco.
Great place to see. Easy to get here by car or bus. Takes around 25 minutes from town. Very beautiful, well organized and clean area.  I will come back for sure. It's really relaxing. At a few minutes from here you are at Lands end.
What a wonderful place to be able to go and forget all of your worries...I remember first going here when I was little and enjoying the greenery and serenity with my parents. They both lived in San Francisco many years so we always went to all of the cool, less crowded places. I parked in the parking lot off of Point Lobos and took the little walk up the hill to get to the grounds. You immediately see a lush green lawn and a dirt walking path. The air just seems more crisp and fresh up here.Walking on the path a little ways you get to the money shot where you can see from the outer sunset and Golden Gate Park to far off in the Pacific Ocean. Simply breathtaking. You can just sit here and take in the view for a long time.The grounds are very well maintained and taken care of. This would be the perfect place to take your family for a picnic. Granted you should be aware that this is just a beautiful lookout point so if you're looking for things to do here this is not your place.I recommend everyone visit here at some point!
Just a 5 minute walk from the Lands End Lookout parking lot - I would have never known about this place if we didn't ask the guides, "Are there picnic tables near by?" I can't stress how much beauty is in one place. I'm so grateful for my eyesight ~ my heart is swelling up just thinking about it. After having lunch at one of their picnic tables, we were able to explore the rest of the park. 1. The view is spectacular. It overlooks Ocean Beach and is extremely peaceful. There weren't many people when we went...in fact, we had the whole park to ourselves (It was a Monday afternoon). 2. If you continue walking, you're taken to this castle like structure...which brings you to a higher  elevation to admire the water. And there's this really cool tree in the center that my cousins and I took pictures on - we called it our "family tree" hehe. There are plenty of places to sit. On the ledges of the "castle" and a couple benches. Another great place to take out-of-towners or go on a date. There is also some history behind this park that I wish I took more time to read up on...perhaps next time. ** Also, we couldn't find a trash can..maybe we were just to distracted by the view, but bring your own bag to throw things away in and then dump it at the nearest trash can you find **
Peace and love world.  I wish you the best.  But now onto the rest. Sutro heights.  Who is this.  Sutro.  Lazy landscaper.  Pain in the neck maker.Try to bomb off this plain. On your too small mountain bike.  Yeah that's illegal and slightly insane.You'll hit some sand.  Then swerve.  Then you'll flip over.  Tweak a nerveYo Sutro,  sweep up that sand.Keep it real my brother (peace and love man)
It's a Hidden Gem.  Really.I find that after living in SF for 3 years now, I am starting to forget just how amazing some of the places in The City can be.  The first time I stumbled upon Sutro Heights Park, I was actually blown away.  The vistas here are stunning.  The views overlooking Ocean Beach and the (actual) Pacific Ocean are, on a clear day, some of the best to be had considering you can get there on a 38 ride for $2.25 and walk 200 more yards through a perfectly landscaped and lavishly vegetated flat stroll. Once upon a time, the old Sutro Mansion was up here.  To the North is the Sutro Baths historic site (a downhill walk from here) - to the West are Seal Rocks, and to the South is Ocean Beach.  As you get to the farthest edge to the West, you've got a lot of height and a long view if the day is nice.  As I mentioned, it's amazing from a natural beauty and landscape design standpoint.  There is some history to be had here too.  Oh yeah, it bears making sure to say the following:   You should see the Sun set from here.  The water temperature changes fast and watching the air chill and light change is legitimately the sort of thing that can make you see the world differently.   There are many other places that a stop here first after heading West can take you.  Sutro Baths, Lands End and Lincoln Park to the North.  Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park, The Sunset (and don't forget Hockey Haven over on Balboa!!!) are not far to the South.   You can tie this park into a great day in many ways.  Pick a good day, because the weather will make this worth it if the day is nice.  Authors Note:  The park is really on 48th at the end of Geary.  I submitted an edit and will take this off once it's changed.
We took the trail starting perpendicular to Balboa Street to get to the park, so we entered from a weird side way. It's a small entrance with wooden stairs. This path is not wheelchair friendly, although my middle aged parents were able to make it. If you're not walking you can simply just drive and park on the street or in the small lot, and you will be greeted by two lion statues at the entrance.The park itself is nice because the views are great, especially from the trail we took. The brick wall/ building/ parapet that you will see is great to walk up and see more views of the coast, and we watched some surfers catch waves from there. We were planning on having a picnic there, but there are actually a scattering of picnic tables, so we were able to sit and eat lunch. This is a nice area to stroll around. I gave it 4 stars because although the views are nice, I probably would not come here again since I usually have limited time in SF. I know there are other places that I like a bit more like Land's End that's a 10 min walk away.
Our first day in San Francisco we hiked up the hill to Sutro Heights Park.  It was a weekday, very quiet, and parking was easy.  The best thing about this spot is the view from the parapet--hello, Pacific Ocean!  The parapet itself is interesting to ponder considering what was there decades ago...although we thought it would be nice if it was cleaned up and actually put to use as a picnic area.  Adding some signage to share the history would be a nice touch as well.  The lower portions of the park were just okay.  Paths that were not that well maintained.  Large areas of trees shading nothing but dirt.  People walking with large dogs unleashed despite the signs that state pets must be leashed at all times.  Homeless guy napping on a retaining wall near the rose garden.  Three stars for the view from the top, two stars for the rest.
This a beautiful park that is well maintained and peaceful. You can hike down to the beach, or picnic on one of the picnic benches they provide. Kid friendly, dog friendly, everything is friendly!The parapet gives you spectacular views of the ocean, and the stars at night.The kids come up there and build bonfires sometimes, and it has a castle wall feel.A short walk to the Sutro baths and land end, and they conduct guided tours to cue you in to the historical significance of Sutro's empire. This is a delightful oasis.
This is a great place to relax and watch the waves. I like to jog here after work. It's also a great place to take kids and have a picnic lunch on a sunny day.
VIEW from the top.The view is mesmerizing, memorable, and spectacular all at once.  The sense of sight, no doubt, will be overloaded as you take in all the scenery around you.  It's definitely a picturesque perspective of the surrounding area surely.Sutro Heights Park not only provides spectacular views of Ocean Beach and surrounding areas, but there are abundant grassy areas where you can sit back and relax as well.  On the day I visited, some were enjoying time with their dogs, others enjoying the view or exploring the park, while some chose to wait for the sun to make its way to the horizon.  In any case, there seems to be qualities/aspects to this park that everyone can enjoy and appreciate.BOTTOM LINE:  The views are spectacular.  I'm fortunate there was time during my vacation to visit this park.
Awesome place! Just highly recommended!! Yeah!
Little remains of the extensive gardens that Adolf Sutro opened to the public in 1883.  He spent in excess of a million dollar to recreate an Italian garden on the 22 acre site. There were replicas of 200 European statues placed in the garden. There was also a stable, a conservatory filled with exotic orchids and a rock and sandstone parapet that enclosed an observatory, water towers, and a gallery, The Sutro home was built to take advantage of the views. The estate was demolished and the most of the statues were removed after the Sutro family donated the land, the gardens and their home to  San Francisco in 1938. All that remains today are the winged lions guarding the entry to the park, and a few other statues. The foundations of the sandstone parapet is still there and so is a staircase. You will see breathtaking views of the Pacific from this high bluff. The area is flat. It is easy to walk about and explore what is still here, and marvel at what it must have been like in the 19th century. A walk in this ghostly green garden is not to be missed.A hint of what it looked likeLooking out at the cliff house ww3.hdnux.com/photos/07/…The Sutro housecity-data.com/forum/atta…
Pretty serene!Free!Great views!GO. :)Be sure to bring you sunglasses, a light jacket, and walking shoes.parksconservancy.org/vis…
Another little gem hidden away! with spectacular views of the Ocean beach.  The parking is free and is just before 48th ave, along the highway.  A short walk takes you to the top.  However, there is a viewing platform which looks like a small castle.  It was built by Adolph Sutro in, I think in 1880s.  It's abit run down but you can see magnificent views of the beach from there.  Children would love going up and down the steps to the viewing platform.  Love this place and will include it in my list of excursions to take visiting friends and family.  A must see, if you love the ocean
Wonderful views of the ocean! A very nice place for walks, day or night. Truly beautiful in every way.Keep in mind that it gets very cold out there, so layer up!
Sutro Heights Park is just a beautiful historical park that you should have your walking shoes ready to get your work out. I went this past Sunday and even though it was foggy it was still very worth the view of all of the surrondings.
We had our wedding ceremony here and it was simply perfect! The park rangers are very helpful.
I love visiting Sutro Heights! I like to take pictures a lot and the area is a nice place for some fun photoshoots. There's also a section where you go into a cave/ tunnel, where you can another cool view of the ocean from the other end.  Make sure to wear good shoes because the walk down to the bathhouse is a bit steep and slippery.
Such a gorgeous place in SF to visit, and if you happen to stop by when the weather is sunny and clear, you'll be able to see people surfing at Ocean Beach, Seal Rock, along with the windmills at Golden Gate Park, Outer Richmond and Outer Sunset districts and Highway 1.  After climbing a short flight of stairs, there is a parapet area above which will give you a slightly elevated view of the surrounding area described (basically any direction S, SW and SE - you will not be able to see the Golden Gate Bridge from this particular park).  There are about 3-4 benches there and some more throughout the rest of the park.  Since there are quite a number of trees, you won't have to worry about not finding some shade when it's sunny here.  I had wanted to check this place out for about a year and I'm glad I was able to check it out recently - it's a peaceful place and great if you want to get away from the crowds.  In the past, before I'd heard about this place, I've stopped and walked right by this area a few times but never knew that there was actually a park here - it's easily missed if you don't know anything about it, though I can say now that it's definitely not to be missed!  To get here by MUNI, just catch the 38L, it's the last stop.
Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful... this park was such a perfect destination for yesterday's lazy Sunday.  We took our dog, a blanket, and a ball and spent an hour or so walking around, playing with the dog and sitting on the old estate fence.  We were content to relax, soak in the sun, and enjoy the amazing views of the Ocean beach, the coast line and the ocean itself.I would highly recommend Sutro Heights Park for daytime fun or to watch the sun go down.  It's great to walk around and imagine what it must have looked like at it's peak... when San Francisco's old millionaire mayor had his mansion up there.  What a yard!Note: The pup was a lil muddy after playing in this park.See ya there!
Secret tourist worthy spot and very romantic sunset viewing spot. ~ Definitely one of the city's hidden gems! There are no words to describe how it feels to sit at the edge of the wall/cliff and watch the sun set into the majestic Pacific Ocean on a nice day.If you're around the area and have time to kill, just go! What are you waiting for? Fresh air and a nice view cannot and will not kill you!
Gorgeous views of Ocean beach and beyond.I'm a walker.  A major walker.  When the sun is out and the weather is nice, I'm out and about.  No lazy couch potato of a man would ever survive a day with me out on the streets.  In that respect, I'd be perfectly paired with someone who is equally into experiencing everything this cool city has to offer.  In addition, he better like to walk with me.So, since I was to spend a day with a certain someone, I warned him that I wanted to go for a walk.  Never mind that the walk encompassed a span of almost 30 blocks to Ocean Beach and back.  Yes, I am strong willed.Sutro Heights Park are the actual grounds of the Sutro estate.  I was saddened to read that after his passing, the estate fell into ruins and eventually the buildings demolished.  The walk here is both gorgeous, amazing and a step back in time.  The paths are well kept as well as the gardens.  And once you reach the edge of the estate, the views sweep down to the Cliff House, out to Ocean Beach and the 1 HWY is visible for miles.  You can exit either back to Geary and take the winding sidewalk down to the beach or the sandy steps that lead you down to Balboa.  Easy to access, easy to exit.I stood there, taking in the views and the cool breeze.  Then nodded at the fellow.  "Walk to the beach?"
Not sure if it's true, but I've often heard that most New Yorkers have never been to the Statue of Liberty or up the Empire State Building.  By the same token, I truly wonder how many San Franciscans are even aware of this obscure, hidden treasure that exists in the westernmost part of our fair city.Sutro Heights park is a truly amazing place that one can easily miss.  Located in the cliff area high above the Cliff House, it has a commanding view of Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park, and the Sunset district.  Always fun to look and pick things out like Safeway, the condos, the windmills, Park Chalet, and so forth.On a nice day, this place is absolutely breathtaking...so beautiful!!!  Park on the backside and it's a quick and easy walk to the viewpoint.  Short walk from the bus stop too if you prefer public transportation.  When you're done, there's a quick shortcut down a path through the trees to the parking lot below if you'd like to go to the Cliff House or need a convenient public bathroom.
Great view!
Sutro Heights Park was one of the first places I discovered when I arrived in SF in the late 1970s.  I fell in love with it immediately.  From the grand entrance to the gazebo to the mansion foundation, it was one of the most beautiful, romantic places in the city.I loved it so much that I didn't tell anyone about it except for very special people.  Most tourists miss the breath-taking views and that's just fine with me!
Every time I've been out at ths Sutro Baths or Ocean Beach, I've noticed this park but never ventured in. Finally did so yesterday and seriously, I couldn't have picked a better day. It was clear blue skies as far as the eye can see. Windy but gorgeous-Sutro Heights is just a little hidden oasis to relax and take in all the birds, views and greenery.Lots of benches for sitting, large lawns, views of Ocean Beach, and the park-couldn't have asked for anything more.The little plaques were interesting and told readers about Sutro's former estate up here and some of the old photos were cool. Afterwards my boyfriend and I went down the stairs (a little sandy and narrow in places but not too steep) and ended up near La Playa, cut through and then made it over to Golden Gate park for more adventures.Love this place and can't wait to come back with a book and a picnic!
My man and I love a good view. And he wanted to check out Sutro Heights after reading an article on SFGate. Although I have passed this lovely park on more than one occasion, I was so happy that we finally took the opportunity to see its vantage points. I am so sad that the park lost all of its treasured qualities, like the garden, conservatory, lookout points, and even its archway. Its sad to think that time, society changes, and environmental effects can make a simple enjoyable place to enjoy nature fade away. The views are spectacular. Ocean Beach looks amazing from the top lookout point. And the park is just green-green-green. My boyfriend and I sat on the bench for an hour being silly kids in love and just enjoying each others company. Because the park allowed that to happen. Just the serenity, the views, the loveliness of the surroundings. I really am so happy to have came here yesterday.
I absolutely love coming here to read, eat, walk, meditate, listen to music, people watch etcA very calming feeling being here and sure enough to enhance the good day your having or snap out of that bad one
My goddaughter had her Christening here last weekend, and upon reading the reviews I was so looking forward to visiting! Such rave reviews, I wondered how I had not visited when I lived in SF for eight years. So I have seen thousands of city views that are mindblowing. I used to take morning coffee walks alone or with a friend, and was frequently dazzled with a view after turning a random corner. But even San Franciscans were saying it was the favorite view of all time. Well, I loved the park and the view is, indeed,  fantastic, but I have to say when I thought about whether it would make even my top ten favorite views ever, it did not. People were saying they had traveled all over the world and this is still the favorite view for them. Well, I have traveled some, and favorites that rather quickly came to mind above Sutro Park would be Pacifica, the drive on the highway to Pacifica, Montara, Costa Rica, Alaska, especially Skagway sailaway, I believe, that was breathtaking, View from Nob Hill, from Ocean Beach, from Angel Island to the city, bridges from Treasure Island, Cozumel views from ship, sailing into Vancouver, Swiss Alps to Lake Lucerne, Monaco, Nice, Roatan Island, Panama Canal; oh, and Emerald Bay in South Tahoe, view from Homewood Resort of the lake;  these are just a few places that captured my heart more than Sutro, lovely as it was. But it wouldn't make my top ten or maybe even top thirty...or seventy-five....so I just wanted to share that opinion. Perhaps if you have never been to SF, then keep it in top things to see, because it can give a view you may not otherwise get, but I don't think it's better than Bay Bridge view from Nob Hill either. Just different.
Wow.  What an unexpectedly gorgeous surprise.  We stumbled upon this park by accident after emerging from a lovely drive through Golden Gate park, and exploring the nearby beach.  Driving up the hill by the Cliff House, we saw these beautiful trees in the distance and pulled in to get a closer look.  Little did we know, just out of view was this phenomenal view of the bath ruins from an old bathhouse that burned down many years ago.  It literally felt like we were in Europe for a few hours.  It was euphoric.  I cannot explain how amazing it was.  We spent 2 solid hours wandering around, snapping hundreds of photos, watching a bride shoot her portraits on the cliff, and realizing it was accidentally the highlight of our trip.
You can not stand on the top of Sutro Heights Park and not fall in love with San Francisco. At night this is one of the most beautiful views in the entire city. You are removed from the crowds, the noise, and the buildings. All you are left with is a silent view of one of the most breathtaking cities in the world and a realization of just how blessed you are to being standing there with the opportunity to take it all in.
Now this is a nice park.  It's well manicured and it's wide open space is clustered with trees here and there so you can lay in the grass and count clouds.  There's a convenient parking lot that can get full due to the close proximity to Sutro Baths and the breakfast joint across the street.The view of Ocean beach is also amazing!  Oh, and I found out recently that BBQing is allowed in the park.  We brought our own grill and secured a table.  Perfect day!
Very nice.Trails, views, restaurants, and port-a-potties if you need one, what more can you ask for. During the week this place is pretty much empty which makes it extra nice with no crowd. All in all I recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
HOW ON EARTH IS PIER 39 SO MUCH MORE CROWDED THAN THIS!??!?!?! Seriously, went here on my way out of San Francisco on a chance, and all I can say after sitting on an overlook by the ocean is "...wow". The ruins are awesome, the waves crashing into the rocks are hypnotic, the sounds of the waves crashing in the cave by the ruins is majestic. I almost missed my flight I was so taken in by this area. If you live in San Francisco and have never gone here. I- I just don't know what to say
Fantastic park accessible to so many scenic and tourist spots along the ocean. Personally I love the wind swept trees along the park. It's as if Mother Nature took a class in Japanese tree pruning methods. A decent amount of parking is available both streets side and in the lots near Sutro Baths although it may take some time on a Saturday or Sunday. Wear layers as you never know what the wind will be like. Bathrooms are accessible at the gift shop for Sutro Baths, but they close around 4 or 5.
Great ocean views. Large parking lot means no fighting over spots. Trails to the right lead to Land's End and Legion of Honor Museum. The park itself is pretty small, but very fun to explore the "ruins." During low tide you can walk down to the beach and climb the rock, but don't get trapped when the tide comes back up - waves look like they can get rough. Weather gets pretty windy when the sun sets so definitely bring a jacket!Perfect spot to watch the sun set!
Awesome views of the ocean, beach and Pacific Coast wildlife! Remember to dress in layers when you come out here since it is constantly windy and cold. On a sunny day, the view is spectacular!
This area of SF is one of my favorites, because within it contains world class views of San Francisco, the bridge, and Marin County -- and there aren't throngs of tourists around like many other vista points scattered through the Bay Area.  Gorgeous, relaxing.
A wonderful surprise discovery!Finally ventured up this hill one afternoon on our detour to Lands End. This place is like the perfect little batch of nature and it's BEAU-TI-FULLLLL! I love this spot so much. It's peaceful, not as crowded, the view of the beach/ocean is breathtaking. Go up through the trees a little more and you walk right into grassy greens. Perfect for a picnic and a nap on a sunny afternoon!
Once upon a time, a very, very rich man lived here. A 38 to 48th Avenue dropped us off right at the park. The meadows were expansive. The views were beautiful. The site of the house, with the parapet and battlements, had commanding views of Seal Rock and of Ocean Beach. It was sunny and serene, and benches were conveniently placed at the better view points. Hanging gardens on the south side framed a staircase that was easy to follow. The mosaic floor had been removed; I wondered if it might be at the California Academy now. Several campfire sites gave testimony that someone admired this place both day and night. Below the parapet on the north side, we noticed a WW2 two-story fire control bunker, although the Park Service didn't mention it anywhere on their interpretive signs. Out in the meadows there was a pretty gazebo where the gardens were pictured in the signs. Reputedly, Sutro's ashes have been hidden somewhere in the park. It is an appropriate resting place, because it gives rest to us all when we visit. I can appreciate why he lived here.
What an amazing place to visit.  Great trails to walk or run with views of the bay and bridge.  I would read up before going, a lot of history here.
Tranquil.Big cypress trees, large, soft lawn.  Great view of the beach.  I've often spotted hawks going back and forth to Land's End park, too.Enjoy it before they Parks Dept decides to cut down half the trees and pave the whole thing over.
Dear Sutro Heights Park,When I was a resident of the Outer Richmond, you were my most favorite park... oh, who are we kidding - you are STILL my most favorite park, even now that I am a Seattle resident!  Every park I visit, I compared to you!  There were countless hot, summer days when I would head over to soak up some Vitamin D and escape the confines of my hot, A/C-free flat.  Laying out on the grass, taking in the smells of the ocean, and feeling the sea breeze hit my skin was what got me through some of the hottest SF days.  I loved walking over with a blanket and a book (or my journal) when it was a beautiful, clear day in the 'sco.  I often found comfort in watching the fog roll in on a chilly day, too.   On occasion, I would ditch my own flat, which gave me a sunset/oceanview, to sneak in a visit to you, so we could share a sunset with each other.  Sunsets always felt a little more special with you than it did when I was just sitting at my kitchen table or on the couch.  This was my "thinking spot"!  I enjoyed sitting at the top of the park overlooking the Pacific Ocean, Ocean Beach, the Cliff House, Golden Gate Park and the Sunset District!  It was during a visit to you that I decided to quit my job in San Francisco.  It was on another visit to you that I decided to leave my friends, my family and everything familiar to me to take a job in Seattle.  During times of stress, frustration and uncertainty, you helped ease my mind and gave me clarity.Selfishly, I am grateful not many SF residents even know you!  I appreciate being among the minority that holds you in such high regard... your beauty and the serenity you offer are a blessing.I'm thankful you were within walking distance of my residence.  But it's nice to confidently tell others it's not a bad experience getting to you - parking is a cinch around the park and the #18 & #38 buses stop right next to you.  Now, if only we could do something about the many, many miles between you and Seattle...I heart you (forever and ever and ever), Sutro Heights Park,Christine(formerly of 43rd Ave)
For several years from 1996 to year 2000 I used to live a couple of blocks to the east of SH, and Sutro Heights served as my front yard and the beginning of my daily walks.  When people would ask where I lived, I'd reference this park.  Roy N. is correct about it's obscurity because people would then ask where Sutro Heights is, and I'd say high above the Cliff House looking out to sea in the NW corner of San Francisco.  People would then mistakenly offer their condolences for my having to live in a cold, wet, and windy place.  Actually the weather clears from the beach eastward.   Many were the days when Sutro Heights was in the sun and the cloudy-foggy weather was hung up on Twin Peaks.  It's warmer in the winter and cooler in the hot late summer due to the moderating influences of the sea.  I'd also get a built in daily walk from Sutro Heights to Lands End to the pathway north of Lincoln Park wherein I could walk to Sea Cliff or pop up past the Legion of Honor.  Many walking options in Sutro Heights.I've lived in the Avenues since the late 70s (Richmond or Sunset districts). So many were the sunny and warm days that it was the go-to spot for my son's birthday when he was a youngster.  Later it was the spot for the birthday picnics of many close friends and family members.  My photos "looking south" from Sutro Heights are not as clear as Roberto F.'s or Toro E's.  As Roy would say, it's one of the most glorious places on sunny days in the City because it feels so far away from urban life.  I find it nice to visit there these days to see the status of the Proteus blossoms that bloom for a surprisingly long period of time.  See:flickr.com/photos/laurin…On the warmest moments of the day ... usually in midafternoon ... you'll get to see hummingbirds zipping about sampling the flowers that are just about to bloom big time throughout the spring and summer.  The readings about Adolph Sutro's home on this site are very interesting and give one a sense of the history of area.  There are a few iconic fixtures left like the Gazebo pictured here on Flickr:flickr.com/photos/orange…This is still one of my favorite meet-up places for a walk and talk or even a picnic and party.
BBBEEEAAAUUUTTTTIIIIFFFUULLLL!!!Go up to that little place in the middle of the park. Up the stairs to where the walls look  like a castle! AMAZING view!Has a cool tree if you feel like climbing a tree.AWESOME!
Pretty cute park, missing a sun on this sad day though =(There is a ring of rose bushes, and a cool castle-thing! You can stand on it and gaze at the beautiful ocean.
Wonderful.Instructions:1. Go to park, bring soul (and maybe a hot pocket)2. Lose it at the park watching the sun set over Western SF3. Revisit constantly to remind yourself that life is good
Beauty abounds in a city like San Francisco. Sometimes your expectations are met instantaneously, like the moment you witness fog rolling over the towers of the Golden Gate Bridge or the breathless wonder that engages you from your omnipotent stance atop Twin Peaks.Other places, while equally mesmerizing, are oftentimes harder to come by. Sutro Heights Park is one such place. It is elusive and protected, circumscribed by trees and cradled by a row of houses on one side, and on the others a twisted highway and endless sky.There's an immediate sense of history when you go here and a quiet understanding that even a city as famous and infamous as San Francisco is not unshakable. Grecian statues still stand, the onslaught of time and the elements reflecting in their missing limbs and yellowing facades. The estate's ruins are in no better condition: to a child they are simply the remnants of a castle, to others a symbol of an opulent dream long brought to reality.It is an anomaly, a rare location where you are both in the present and in the past. And it is this, in all its faded glory, that makes Sutro Heights Park extraordinary.
Growing up in San Francisco, I was always fascinated by this huge park and the estate that used to be on it.   I enjoyed the quiet tranquility of  walking through it on  foggy days.  Loved the fact that it was never crowded and was primarily frequented by a few a dog walkers or locals.  It's located just above the Cliff House.  The entrance is flanked by two large concrete lions (reproductions, I believe). Follow the long wide path that is is dotted with a few garden statues from the original estate.  Read the information markers along the way.  There's a Diana? rose garden on the left and a large parapet on the right.  Watch your step as you climb up to the parapet (looks like the ruins of a castle) and appreciate the breathtaking view of the Great Highway and the Pacific Ocean.
Nice place for a stroll. The park service has been doing a wonderful job restoring Adolf Sutro's masterpiece. Definitely a gem with cool statues, a gazebo, and excellent views of the ocean and of course great for a walk too.
I'm not too sure where the name originated, but I've always known Sutro Heights as "Cat's Eye" This place is one of my FAVORITE places in the city. It's a hidden jewel. If you experience it during the day, you'll get gorgeous views of the Pacific Ocean and Ocean Beach. At night, you experience the romance of Cat's Eye (especially during a clear night). Find the stairs that lead you to your castle... finding a seat at the proper time ensures your best view of a San Francisco sunsetOn most nights, it can get chilly and extremely windy. Be sure to bring a warm jacket. Bring a date or a close friend. Usually best enjoyed with someone else.
Nice views of Ocean Beach and the Pacific. Imagine having had an estate here.
A great place to go to & spend one on one time with myself.The view is amazing, beautiful, breathtaking!The parking is so convienient! perfect place to have a private date, especially on a clear warm day
So beautiful here! I'm a recent transplant to the outer richmond, but this place honestly makes me feel lucky to be here. I can always drive to hipster restaurants downtown, but being able to walk less than five minutes and see this is completely worth it. Great place to go if touring around San Francisco. To the right of the baths you can get really great shots of the Golden Gate Bridge on the walking trails. To the left of the baths you get the Cliffhouse restaurant and Ocean Beach. What could be better?
My favorite park in San Francisco, I come here in the morning when there's no one here but me (alright, stalkers, it just FEELS like there's no one but me, so don't go getting any ideas). This used to be some rich guy's estate but when he kicked off he left the property to the city or some such nonsense. Family's loss, my gain! There are gardens, sweeping ocean and city views (the highest natural in views in SF can be found here as far as I know), and a big old stone-supported raised-up lawn where rich guy's mansion used to be. Climbing the stairs up to the top makes me feel like a little girl playing princess.My favorite way to do Sutro park is to pick up the Coastal Trail down at the base of Lincoln Park, walk it to Ocean Beach and keep straight across the street into Sutro Park. This is also the most romantic park in SF. You can perch on the big old rocks up on the upper level, listen to the ocean, and take in the sights with someone you love.
an interesting history.  used to be the home and gardens of a wealthy man.  great views of ocean beach, the richmond, and the sunset.  open areas where you can just lie out and get a tan 3 times a year when the weather allows.
This place is very peaceful and would be a nice place to have a family picnic or just to get away and read a book or sit in the sun and enjoy the nice views. This park would also be a great place to take wedding photos or family photos! or photos with your boyfriend / girlfriend.lots of parking across the street
This was part of a two day adventure hopping around the north end of San Francisco and it was just amazing.  I think words just won't do any justice and you just have to get out there. Amazing views of Ocean Beach, Sutro Baths, and Seal Rocks.
I feel pretty lucky to live right by such a fabulous little park with the best view of Ocean Beach, Cliff House/Seal Rock, Sutro baths. On a sunny day, you can't beat a stroll around this park. It's never too crowded, quiet and away from traffic - only a few people and dogs around. On the southeast corner of the park, you can access some trails that will take you down to "beach level" or Safeway. This is our usual "shortcut" when we head down on foot (gotta love that hike UP the hill/stairs with our cartons of milk and yogurt and sour cream... yeh). But it's a nice view on the way down.
This is a beautiful hidden gem of a park that offers extraordinary views of the California coast and Ocean Beach and the Sunset neighborhood. I liked reading the text at displays of what the park looked like when Sutro lived here. I love the botany, statues, and San Francisco history lesson. Don't forget your camera if you go.
One of my favorite places in SF. The view is so amazing and not just because the water doesn't look green from up here. It's so pretty and peaceful; a reminder of how gorgeous nature is.Whenever I feel a little down, I always come here. There's just something about Sutro Heights that puts my mind at ease and allows me to collect my thoughts. Also, if you run along the beach like I do, the run up really works out your ass!
Do you want to melt your date's heart until it's like warm butter in your hands? Take your date here on a beautiful sunny day and climb up to the rocky ledge that once supported the home of SF's 24th Mayor, Adolf Sutro. Do you want your date to rush into your arms for warmth and security?Bring your date up on the same rocky ledge on a gorgeous star filled night and watch her mold right into your arms as you watch the immense night sky collide with the endless crashing of the ocean. Truly irresistible. Do you want to make her scream and get her heart pumping like no other guy can?On the same star-filled night, as she is molded against you, give her a delicious sweet kiss. Then, slowly peel her off of you and take off running back to the car, leaving her standing in complete confused darkness. I guarantee either two things will occur, 1) Blood curdling screams as she chases after you or 2) a tough girl swearing after you like no sailor can.Not sure which will happen, but I guarantee you this, there will be screaming and heart pumping.OVERALL: Another park that I classify as a gem of SF. Easy to find, quiet, amazing views, and free parking. Views of nature's beauty at its finest.
I love this park it's so beautiful one day I'll take my wedding photos here :) the views are amazing and it is just a great place to relax and enjoy the ocean breeze and contemplate life. It's usually a very peaceful area with lots of roses. It's also frequented by many dogs and old couples walking and families out on picnics. One of my favorite places in San Francisco.ps my 1st yelp review yee and 100th to review this place woot
Nice and easy hike with beautiful view of the ocean.  Walk further in, you can have an unique view of the Golden Gate bridge
This is the best park to walk in after stuffing your face at dim sum or chinese or sushi...I have been walking this park for many years, and I still love it's broad expanses.  If you are not super surefooted, it has crunchy wide walkways and one of the most beautiful places to watch the sun set over the Pacific Ocean.  If you are surefooted or have a ten-year-old that needs to burn off steam after a day of museums or shopping, there are some pretty safe (compared to Sutro Baths) ruins to explore.  I loved the photos on the signs that showed what the place looked like when people would take the train out from San Francisco for picnics on the grounds. Since my father (the fifth grade teacher) had taken me to the base of the mountain where Sutro made his big fortune by draining the silver mines, it was impressive to me that this is where he put his money to make his second fortune.  In my mind, I can see horse-drawn carriages coming with people to visit Sutro or to parties at his home (Ok, excuse me for a minute while I stuff the hopeless romantic back into this practical speech therapist outer shell).  This is a friendly little park, which is very accessible.  It has great views and an adorable gazebo which would be absolutely the best place in San Francisco to pop the question (oops, she keeps getting out).  By all means, I hope you love this park as much as I do!
I used to come here when I was a kid to check out the amazing views of the city.  Now that I've moved back here I'm glad can still get knocked on my ass by the sights from this park.    I've spent a few perfectly good days here with a sandwich, a few beers and some friends.  It's a great  date spot, day or night. If you've lived in San Francisco long and have never been here you're missing out!
It is parks like Sutro Heights that make me really understand and appreciate where I am from and value some of the beauty San Francisco offers.The sounds of the crashing waves make me drown out all the other worries that I may have come in with. As you walk further into the lands, you can hear the familiar sounds of sea lions and fog horns off in the distance. The park is surrounded by wonderful views of not only the ocean but also the Golden Gate Bridge, the Sutro Baths and the rocks surrounding them.  One of the main reasons that attracts me here so much is that it's extremely clean, the trails are not littered and everyone is friendly. There are "Help Us Take Root" signs throughout the park that indicate to be cautious of and not disturb areas where native plants have been placed by Volunteers are being revegetated. This is not my ideal running spot only because I'd rather walk and take in the scenery. It does not matter if it's sunny or rainy, I can always take a break and come here to get punched in the face with beauty.
i think other people have written reviews about this beautiful place better than i will so read theirs!but i'll say this. GO! its a part of SF you want to see at least once in your life. ive been there twice.. and i'll definitely be going back again!
This stunning park has everything.  There's the gorgeous view of the beach and water, the large and open field to play, gazebo to rest, and a cliff face to climb up (with stairs) for an even better view.  I love that this park is in the neighborhood, for easy access if I want to go for a jog or simply clear my head.  Sutro Heights is so gorgeous, my uncle took his wedding photos here!  Every time I come to San Francisco, I just always have to come here.
Sometimes life throws you a curveball you weren't prepared for. And when that happens, it helps to get an outside perspective. Literally, like the kind that makes all your little problems look, well, little. So when you're feeling poopy, hike up to Sutro Heights park and look down on the ocean and the little houses on the coastline and stare into the great ocean beyond. It's a wonderful feeling.Plus, it's a good way to get up close and personal with a little slice of SF's history.
Some people call it the Castle. Some people call it the doggie park. Whatever they call it, I know this place like the back of my hand. The best part is you can enjoy this Richmond District oasis in a number of ways. Firstly, its a dog friendly park, equipped with recycled plastic bags for litter and plenty of friendly dogs and garbage cans throughout.  There are also paved roads perfect for walks and bike rides. There are plenty of park benches scattered throughout the park with breathtaking views overlooking the beach, Seal Rock, and the Pacific Ocean.I frequent this park to find solitude, read, and enjoy the sun. Ok, I'll admit it... I do come often to dog and people watch. I can vouch, the best things in life are free and this doggie park is a prime example.
LOVED it..... such a beautiful view.. could sit here for hours.  There was a man playing his guitar and it was lovely just to sit there and watch the waves of the ocean and sun set. Can't wait to go back!!!
Potentially my absolute favorite place in San Francisco. It's hard to believe within 10 minutes you can go from the heart of the financial capital of the west coast to this.... this grass-hilled, pebble-pathed corner of the city that has some of the most stunning views you will ever see. Ever. You will have many options when you come here. You can walk along the path in Sutro Heights Park (proper) as it curves to the right and the entire north bay acknowledges your presence in a dramatic unveiling. You begin to see the water of the bay... then the mountains of Marin... then the Golden Gate Bridge and everything beyond it. The path continues for a half mile until it dead ends at a staircase. In a San Francisco version of  "Choose Your Own Adventure," you can either take the stairs that fork to the left which will lead you down near the water... or you can continue forward and prepare to be suffocated by amazingness.The stairs eventually end and you walk across a narrow dirt path with an extremely steep drop to your right. At this point you'll be thinking you're in picture-taking heaven... but keep going. Walk down a mini dip and back up onto the platform atop the hill in the ocean. Now, look around. You are standing in the middle of the bay with every view you could possibly want. Dramatic cliff sides, waves crashing against the shore, and the fog horn in what feels like an arm length's distance.  When you look down at the next level of this hill, you will find a labyrinth made of pebbles, silently enticing you to walk its multiple paths.And if this doesn't interest you, walk down to the Sutro Baths and check out the remains of old-school San Francisco luxury. You can even walk through a mountain and end up on the other side where multiple rocks, shooting out from the sea, are directly in front of you. I can't help but think of The Goonies every time I'm down there.And if THAT isn't good enough, continue down Geary, follow the road as it curves past the Cliff House and a three mile span of Ocean Beach will suddenly appear. If you see this on a sunny day, when the coast goes on forever until it appears to be swallowed up by the mountains... as the sun sets over the Pacific and the water reflects multiple shades of orange, red and purple... you will understand why I'll never leave this city.
Nice weirdly-formed spooky trees, lots of open grass, great views, areas that seem protected from the wind (though not been tested), no bums, uncrowded on holiday weekend, easy parking.  I totally have missed this spot for years, living way across town, but it's really a cool spot.  Would be excellent for a real hot day for its ocean location and great shade.
It's a pale shadow of its former glory, back when it was the estate of SF mayor Adolph Sutro.  The conservatory is long gone and so is his house - which is a shame because the grounds were given to the city of SF and should have been maintained.  At least the lawn is in decent shape and a few statues remain (there used to be hundreds), including the lions that guarded the gate (but the gate is no longer there).When you climb up to where Sutro's home stood (only the foundation remains), you'll see that he picked a spot with breathtaking views of the Pacific Ocean and Ocean Beach.  There are a few benches to sit and enjoy the view and some signs that tell you about the history of this location.  Free parking (and plenty of it).
I luv to take my labs here, its always pretty and the history is fascinating as well.  Don't forget to look at the old pictures of the area in the Cliff House!!Still one of my favorites!
Yet another awesome adventure spot in my backyard. (YAY for the Outer Richmond District!) Everyone in the neighborhood comes here on sunny days (which happen to be few and far between on this side of SF). You will always see people playing with their dogs, having picnics, playing bocce ball (I think I'm the only one I've seen actually doing that), and just relaxing while enjoying the views. From the back of the park you can see amazing views of Outer Richmond, Golden Gate Park, Outer Sunset, and down the coast of Ocean Beach. This guy Sutro owned everything over here! I read on a plaque in the park that it used to be his home! I'm pretty sure that's the best spot to put a mansion! This is definitely one of my favorite parks in San Francisco and I go there often just to soak up the beauty on a clear day :)
This is my fortress of solitude, bat cave, and 10 forward all-in-one.  =)I remember this place many years ago and glad things have changed.Renovations are impressive (parking accessibility, new benches, etc.).
A scenic place to take a nice photo of the beach.  While it's very nice, the view is limited to one angle (see pic) and rest of the park is peaceful but it appears that the rosey days of this park were decades ago (maybe a century).
