The parrots bleat loudly here.  The fountain protects its space well, waving everyone away with sheets of water even when there is no wind, and there is scant in the way of sun-blocking buildings to deny the noontime bathers their rightful due.  I like the Square because it is square and not round, but is round enough in my mind so as not to be sharp on the corners.I like the Square because I can buy a bit of fruit at Safeway and rest with my thoughts, and compose my plan of attack for the math work I have to do that afternoon.  Or not.But most of all I like the Square because there is no most of all there, just an unpretentious park and nothing more.
My friends and were sitting in the grass after a long day at the Ferry building and Pier 39 and we were harassed by security because apparently "he thought we were smoking drugs". Aside from the embracing situation and wrong accusation, no apology was made. CALLING the park amangement, fix this
It gave me what I needed , an oasis in the city to sit down, relax , take a break from my run, and contemplate 2 open rectangles moving in eccentric orbit
I enjoyed a nice walk through this park and took several nice photos.  It seems like a nice place to relax and read a book.  The buildings nearby shelter from the chilly wind gusts of the waterfront and there are nice trees through to provide filtered shade. The lawn was in good condition for a sunny spring day.
I suppose I ought to review it for what it is, just a tiny square, but something felt missing when I came for a visit.  In December, there are none of those cherry blossoms, so the view is more of those buildings, not entirely a bad thing, but not exactly uplifting after a long day.  The grass was soggy on the north side.On a sunny spring/summer day, this place is probably ideal.  When I went, I can't say there was much going for it.  Stare out into the bay until better weather arrives.
It's a prettty quiet one square block park located in historic Jackson Square.  Albeit there are very few seats, it's got some great rolling berms and wonderful old San Francisco brick buildings along its borders.  Across the street is Safeway and other eateries (most of the latter are closed on weekends), and it's close to the Embarcaderos.  During the spring, the cherry blossoms wake up the sleeping landscape.(They're in the Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill film)  It's got a strange assortment of art but my favorite is the metal cast stone necklace like water fountain.  Nice place for respite.
(quick review)close to safeway and a lot of other cute placesquaint- in a square with many brick buildings aroundquiet(er) because there are not a lot of cars or peoplenot a lot of people (at least on a monday afternoon), but i doubt there's a lot on the weekends since they are in the financial district.not super sunny/dry because in  areas of shade, but the grass can be wet.within walking distance to farmer's market.i just found this nice long review:examiner.com/romance-tra…
great place to eat your lunch from Yo Yo's (yelp.com/biz/yo-yos-san-…) or whatever you grab close by. nice little mellow park in down town. It's not big or fancy, but it is away from busy streets, so it's quiet and in the summer it gets warm and sunny. there's rarely any homeless people, and they usually stick to the south end anyway.
