So not your typical review but I park right in front of Tank Hill and it is amazing....there is never a shortage of spaces and street cleaning is only once a week and no street permit! As long as your okay walking up hill this is a classic Cole Valley locals parking spot...Yeah, and the view is gorgeous too! You can see GG Bridge on a clear day!
I almost don't want to write this review, so that my favorite sit-n-chill spot in the city doesn't get more foot traffic, but since I like you so much, Yelp, I'll share.I like lists:+ best view in the city+ fewest tourists / vista ratio+ wonderfully placed bench+ lovely people hanging out
Tank Hill is truly a San Francisco gem. While not as well trodden as Twin Peaks and Buena Vista, it offers an almost completely unobstructed view of San Francisco from Ocean Beach to Bayview. Very few points in the city offer such a magnificent view of both bridges while remaining relatively tourist free! In fact, it took me more than a year of living here before I found it.As a park, it is simply beautiful. It's sort of a hybrid between Grand View and Corona Heights. There are trees and trails as well as exposed rock to climb.Additionally, Tank Hill is only a short walk from both Cole Valley and Eureka Valley, making it the perfect place to include in a neighborhood outing.
I love this not-so-secret-but-I-hope-it's-still-secret spot! It's so peaceful & calming. You can bring a book with you & read! I love to come here to clear my mind too. When I wanna get away from the usual Twin Peaks, I come here! There's also a cute bench to overlook the beautiful scenery. It overlooks the Golden Gate Bridge & Presidio! Parking is limited. Wear comfortable shoes! This place, I love a lot. A wonderful hidden gem! Now, go seek!
No doubt, one of the best views of the city.  The actual "park" is so small that it is often not listed anywhere for people to find when researching SF.I was always curious as to the history of this site--so I found the following from a SFGate article on urban outings:By Gail Todd Published 4:00 am, Thursday, October 25, 2007Tank Hill"Dazzling views of San Francisco, dozens of native plant species, plus hawks and endangered butterflies make this little-known but centrally located destination well worth the climb to the top.Rich in history, Tank Hill is named for the Clarendon Heights water tank built in 1894 to store drinking water pumped from Laguna Honda. After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, eucalyptus trees were planted around the tank to hide it from feared Japanese airplane attacks. When a larger, covered reservoir was built nearby, the tank became unnecessary, and in 1957 the city removed it. In 1977, a concerned community persuaded the city to buy the hill from private developers for $650,000 as part of the city's new Open Space Program.This spot is a 650-foot-high minipark that offers what many consider to be the most spectacular view of San Francisco of any hilltop park. So small that many maps of San Francisco leave Tank Hill out entirely, this spot provides a panorama that sweeps from the Golden Gate Bridge to Bayview Hill. Access is from the east end of Belgrave Avenue off Stanyan Street or via a small staircase on Twin Peaks Boulevard near Crown Terrace." So, there you have it--another interesting tidbit about our beautiful city.  Be careful up there as it can be a tad precarious.
I love this place.  Still nearly unknown to non-locals; that won't last long with social media, will it?  Great views of San Francisco from Tank Hill.  Never crowded (yet) and super peaceful.
Beautiful view of the entire city and will not disappoint! Beware, it was extremely windy and cold so come dressed up warm. Also visit corona heights; it's one of my favorite view points
This is one of the most wonderful hidden little gem in San Francisco. Parking is hard because of the narrow streets and it is located in a steep hill. But it is absolutely gorgeous. There are some benches on top. You can see a great view of the city. You can see the Golden Gate Bridge as well.If you plan to watch fireworks on event days you can get to see some of it, the buildings obstruct some of it but it is still an awesome sight (you're far away enough from the extremely loud noise too).
They weren't kidding when they said this was at the intersection of four winds. And of course we chose one of the windiest days in SF to go check it out. I think I was almost blown off the top of the hill, but still had to get a photo with the Golden Gate Bridge. Not the best experience though -- choose a warm and still day to go if you can.
Tank hill is another hidden vista point that looks out into the beautiful city of San Francisco! I came here to clear my head and it was a great experience. The hill is very small to walk up and on top of it is a cute wooden bench to enjoy the view, sit and think, read or write. There is also a trail that lead up further, I was not that adventurous to wander out, but there was a passerby who headed out that way. While I was there, only one other person came to the hill, this was perfect! I did not want to be overwhelmed with crowds or tourists. It was just right a nice quiet and peaceful way to clear my mind and appreciate the sight of the city :)
One of my favorite spots in the city to just contemplate on how good/bad my day was. It has such a beautiful view. It's more personal compared to Twin Peaks in my opinion. On a beautiful day...you can see the whole northern part of the city. It's so dramatic. I just come here to take in the sights and to relax. Sometimes...the best things in life are the simple things.
Have been coming here for years. Especially during the Fleet Week, when The Blue Angels perform their fantastic Air Show. It is a neighborhood spot. Not that well known to outsiders like the Twin Peaks. That's a good thing. This place is easy to get to also. I just take the Muni and walk right up. It's a 10 min walk from the Muni Line. Easy Peasy.Hope this spot stays secluded. I swing on the home made swings they have hanging from the tree branches. There is only one other swing that's better. And I'm keeping it a neighborhood secret. For sure. ;)Absolutely LOVE coming here. The entire city of San Francisco has my heart. And it always will. It's a promise made before I was born.Check out the only pic I uploaded for this place. And the only pic that matters. :  )
Small little slice of SF beauty. Love to stroll through the Cole Valley hills on my way, checking out the beautifully-kept, unique homes, and then BAM - gorgeous and intimate-feeling wide view of the city. Especially nice on a sunny morning when you'll likely see Karl the fog draping down over Mt Sutro, while the homes are lit with sun.
This is a small park named for the water tank buried in the hilltop. It's a short walk to the rocky ledges or grassy slope where, on a clear day, you can enjoy unimpeded views from Upper Market and the Castro all the way to the east bay.Small kids will find the adventure in it. Others will enjoy hanging around and just enjoying the view (bring a blanket).My daughter's favorite visit here was during a howling rainstorm; the park was transformed into a surreal scene, with rain gusting through the swaying trees. Very cool!It's a great alternative to Twin Peaks, if you're not up for sitting in a long line of cars so that you can park and join a long line of people and then follow a long caravan of cars back down the hill. Plus, it's close to Corona Heights Park, which you dog will love you for visiting!
I love this hill man. The bench and the height and the scenery.. ah, so breathtaking. Every time I go to SF, I want to take the people I'm with here... even though I've only had the chance to go once. Gahddamn time crunches. But really! The sights you get here are so beautiful. I was with my friend, and we were in such awe. I also very much enjoy the fact that it is less crowded than Twin Peaks and yet it is so close to it.
Hidden gem. Don't tell the Twin Peaks tourists.
After living about 1/4 mile from this place, I finally made my way here last night because the weather was nice and warm for Summer and the city lights were bright and clear. I didn't feel like going up to Twin Peaks because there's always so much more ruckus going on there and when I got to this site it was empty and so peaceful! This is such a gem of a place and they have this one little park bench where you can totally chill and enjoy the view with your significant other. How to get here: There are wooden steps right across from Crown Terrace street that you go up. Then you'll get on a really short and slightly rocky trail and then immediately see the gorgeous view of the Golden Gate bridge to the left and the Bay Bridge in the middle and the edge of the East Bay to the distant right. When I feel stressed out from school next time, I'm just going to walk here and take in the scenery. Definitely coming back!
this place is awesome! again nestled in a neighborhood area, great view of the city. It has a twin peaks feel but with a bench & cool rocks you can sit on. Just like with twin peaks, or bernal heights its really not fun to go when its super windy, or else you can't enjoy it. A summer spot! Great spot for bringing a dog too!
Parked on the street. As you enter there is a steep trail going uphill which was so scary considering my toddler and 6 year old son was with me. Not recommended for kids! Beautiful view up close of SF. Came here during the day, it was nice, sunny, yet super freakin WINDY. It's the shortest hike going to the top. Hung around the area where they have a tire swing and a wood swing....really not much to do but to enjoy the view. This park isn't much of a big deal. I def won't be coming back. For the most part, my kids had fun on the swing, but going downhill was such a risk...Aaaaaah! Be cautious.
I used to live right down the street. The views are just amazing. The Four Winds of the area blow through there and the indians considered it a sacred space.
Wanna feel like a local? Wanna impress your friends from out of town? Wanna show them how great SF is? This is a great place for a panoramic view of the city, but it does not offer much else in terms of walking/hiking/picnicking. There's fun rocks to sit atop and also one cute green bench, though! Because of the height, it is also very windy (the billowing gusts make for a very cold experience if you do not have adequate outwear, even if it is sunny!). I would call this more of a look-out than a park, but the view is spectacular, especially the initial ascension up the side of the hill. Reminds me of Grand View park, except a little more secret and thus a lot less crowded. Good for a chill-out session, sunset chasing, or some fun photographs. parking is easy in the residential area, but just be mindful of reading the signs.
As others have mentioned, Tank Hill is one of those awesome spots that few people go to. Quiet, secluded and, you know, awesome.The views are spectacular. Even on foggier days, Tank Hill sits high enough that you can see fog banks rolling into parts of the city.Honestly, if you had to pick one spot for a view of SF, pick Tank Hill and avoid the ridiculous traffic that plagues Twin Peaks.
Tank Hill is one of those secret urban spots like Billy Goat Hill, Turtle Hill, etc. Like those, Tank Hill typically has no competition compared to the line of cars and buses on their way to Twin Peaks, but the view is just as gorgeous, if not better, at Tank Hill. At the top, you'll get a full panoramic from the Golden Gate Bridge/Presidio all the way to Bayview Hill!The climb to the top is short, but pay attention to all the local wildlife and plants...it's really quite something in the Spring/Summer...there are always volunteer projects here to remove invasive species, I even had the chance to participate back in high school to restore habitat for Mission Blue Butterflies. On my last visit, I was rewarded with a view of a red tailed hawk perched on the (famous) green bench - but it flew off right as I reached for my camera....dang it, EVERYTIME!
Truly spectacular, panoramic views of Marin, the Golden Gate, Buena Vista and Corona Heights Parks, downtown San Francisco, the Bay Bridge, and the Castro, Mission, Potrero, and Dogpatch districts down towards the East Bay. Unlike Twin Peaks, Tank Hill is virtually uncrowded, and as other reviewers have mentioned, the views here feel far more intimate, personal, and up-close because of the lower elevation and closer vantage point to all the sights listed above. One of the ways to get there is via a nice hike through some very pretty blocks in Cole Valley. It's steep at times, but it's a nice reward for all the effort. And it's a fitting place to mark my 250th Yelp review. ;)
The view from this hill is unbelievably spectacular. You must go if you're in the area!
Amazing views of San Francisco! We were there on a wet and windy day and it was still great. It's not far to Twin Peaks either so I would definitely recommend heading over the in the same trip. There's a rope swing up there too :)
Have always come up to Twin Peaks via the southern side of it, never having come here to Tank Hill by way of Ashbury Heights until the other day, while on a hike. Group of about 40 or so who began at Civic Center and like the urban version of trekking, like myself. Simply amazing views, crisp cool shade, eye candy 360. One of a myriad secrets of stunning San Francisco.
When I lived in Twin Peaks, I would visit Tank Hill occasionally on my walks - but didn't think too much of it.  Fast forward, several years later when a newfriend wanted to take me to her favorite childhood spot, saying it was quite a strenuous hike.   I daresay that this told me more about her than she expected to share.  Quite a hike?  Dangerous?  City girl!Nice views but tiny little promontory of a park - better views can be had elsewhere, not really a destination but fine if you are in the neighborhood and passing through.  Watch out for dog poop, trash and loose rocks.
This isn't really a review for Tank Hill. I snapped some photos of these kids on my first visit when I came to see the Blue Angels. They were cute. I hope their parents chance upon these pictures.
I was born and raised about 1.5 miles away from here and I just came here recently. I can't believe I never heard of this hidden gem before! I've always just gone up to Twin Peaks, but I never stopped by Tank Hill. Tank Hill is probably the best view of the entire city. You can see all the city's landmarks from up here. To your left, you can see the Golden Gate Bridge and to your right, you see downtown and the Bay Bridge. In between, you can see all the cute little neighborhoods.I walked here from my house and almost missed the entrance. I entered through Clarendon and Twin Peaks Blvd. If you're going down Clarendon, there is a tiny set of wooden stairs right BEFORE you hit Crown Terrace (and right after you pass Twin Peaks Blvd). Just go up the stairs and you'll see the best view of the city! It's so high up that it feels like you can almost touch the birds flying by.I only came up during the daytime, but I'm sure it would be a great view during sunset. I don't think it would be very safe to come at night, unless you're very familiar with the area. It's not well-lit and I didn't see any lamp posts.There's also a bench there to sit with a few friends or to read. Other than that, this place is completely serene and quiet. I came up here on a weekday afternoon and only ran into two girl who were there for about five minutes and left.
I stumbled upon here after having a light lunch in Cole Valley. I haven't been to these parts of SF and I've been here over 30 years. It's such a serene hilltop that overlooks as far west as Golden Gate Bridge to the east and Downtown. You have to walk up a little path when you reach the end of the road. Then there are large rocks and a single bench for you to just enjoy the view (and possibly daydream or ponder the meaning of life). On a clear day, it's such a little escape from the busyness of the city. Take time to do it one day and you'll be happy you did.
This is the best hidden secret in the neighborhood!  I discovered this secret spot after moving to Cole for a few months.  It was a less steep climb compared to twin peaks but you get the same awesome view!  Plus you can enjoy a moment of peace in the quietness without the excited tourists, beer-drinking teens and random weed-smokers that comes with twin peaks.  I always take our house guests up here for a quick tour and everyone loves it! Bring a jacket up here if you are visiting during a windy day!
Found this place on a random drive around the city. I didn't even know we were on Tank Hill until we mapped the location on our phones. The altitude isn't high enough to make this a breathtaking view, but it is still beautiful nonetheless. Super windy, so remember to grab a jacket! Definitely need to come back again on a clear night to see how the night view is like.
I think this is absolutely spectacular and definitely one of the best San Francisco view.
I never noticed Tank Hill until I spied it from my recent walk up Kite Hill. It's straight across Upper Market on the way to Twin Peaks and much much higher. I could see little people specks up there and was wondering how to get up there myself.  Figured out a way to cross Upper Market then climbed up some stairs to get to Clarendon Ave and there it was - a trail to the top right in front of me. And wow!  To be able to see the De Young and the Bay in one sweeping view.  So glad I walked up here.  Only a few other peeps up here - most came up from Cole Valley.  There aren't any benches so you just stand at the top or sit on the rocks.
Another fabulous park that has a great view of SF. Views of Golden Gate Park, Downtown and out to the Bayview/Hunters Point. I love standing on top of the rock out cropping and letting the wind rush by. Perfect stop on your way to or from Twin Peaks. Don't miss this.
It's very windy and icy up here, especially at night. But you can see everything. You can see the lights of buildings in a grid and see how the cars are in a steady stream going over the bridges. If you want to get cozy with someone, this is the spot. It's not a very quiet and intimate place though: there is a chunk of people here most of the time. But it didn't ruin my time with a guy up here, that's for sure. It's not so loud that you can't hear each other talk.
The first time I walked up here I thought I was in someone's backyard. I'm still not convinced this is actually a "park" as some say. It is a hill though.The views are really nice and the best part is strolling around the streets below checking out the cool outdoor art, houses, stairs, and neighborhood.
The best views in the city. It's tricky to find, as the two entrances are the following:1. Looks like a street dead end. Nope. There's actually a small pathway/easement at the end of the block and up the hill.2. Some stairs that look like they lead to nowhere.This is the kind of place where you sit alone thinking about life; or where bring a girl to fall in love with...
A beautiful girl named Colleen once took me here on a hot date.We entered on a dark path only regulars would know anything about on the side of an overgrown hill.  We treaded up and clawed our way through thick damp brush, her hand tightly grasping mine.  We finally found our way out,   and through the clearing I saw the most astounding breathtaking view of the city in all of its natural beauty...360 degrees of pure bliss.  One blanket, two girls, and a view to die for.  She hugged me tight with her warm embrace her body heat keeping me warm and safe as the cold air nipped at our noses, I never felt the slightest bit cold.I'll never forget that day or that girl who showed me what a real date was all about.  Sending my love to New York....
Tank Hill offers some of the best views of the city has to offer. A huge plus is that it is relatively empty, so you can enjoy your views in peace and without the furious iPhone photographing.
TANK HILL  trumps Twin Peaks, and this is why:Tank Hill is one of San Francisco's hidden gems. Unlike Twin Peaks, you cannot drive to the top of this hill. If you have a car, you can park it on the street but you're going to have to get out and hike up the steps to get here. The view from Tank Hill is unrivaled by any other that I've seen in the city. The panoramic, 360-degree view captures all of San Francisco's historic landmarks - this is a great place to see it all. You'll find this spot to be a lot more intimate than Twin Peaks, which can sometimes be overbearingly populated with locals and tourists combined. This place is truly a treasure. Our little secret, indeed.
When my friend came to visit from out of town, we went on a "best view in the city" hunt.  I tend to prefer nature views, and the ones along the coast of the city just looking out to the bay and Marin overall.  However, this was our favorite of the city because you can see the coast/bay/bridge off in the background, but you see a whole city lay out before you first.  All this while you're sitting on this little mountain of nature.  It's really unique.Bring layers because it's windy on the hill, and a picnic.  Its very small, but there are little areas to climb/hike around if you want to distract yourself from the view for 5 minutes.  (Literally 5 minutes.)
Friend took me here one glorious afternoon. Was so impressed that I have now moved into the area. I still come up here, semi-regularly, to clear the mind...3G work up here so at times you see people tapping away on their iPhones, whilst basking in the sunshine:)
Much better than twin peaks. Closer view of the city and much less crowded. I came here during night time. Grab a blanket because it is cold. Also, grab a flashlight for the walk up the stairs because it is DARK. We had to use our cell phones but it was still kind of creepy. But check out the view during night time. Amazing view of the city.
A must visit for their wonderful view of the city.  VIEW:  From de Young Museum in the west to downtown to Potrero Hill.  Best view of Castro and Mission.GET THERE: Drive to Belgrave Avenue and street park.  Walk to the eastern end of Belgrave Ave where it dead ends to a hill with trees.  You will find a slightly hidden trail on the left side of the dead end road.  The climb is very short, so no need of hiking boots.TIP:  Bring a camera and a jacket (gets very cold up there).  OTHERS:  If you like this view, also try Corona Heights (yelp.com/biz/tGCFC0PTjLb…) and tourist congested Twin Peaks (yelp.com/biz/WV2fVK6OJfz…).
Came here at night time. It's very hard to find, but worth it once you do. Be careful going up and down to the hill, it's very slippery and dangerous. Bring a flashlight and a blanket. The view is amazing, and no one else was here on a saturday night. So we lucked out.
Another one of the many "hidden" hills in SF! And really not so hidden if you just look around...Great views, not crowded at all, and easy to get to from the side streets (it certainly helped with our iPhone though). I could see myself enjoying a nice picnic, however on a windy day you won't wanna stay more than a few minutes.And why the name Tank Hill? I think I might have to do a little investigating...
There isn't much up there other than the foundation of the old water tank and a sign describing the park.  The park is quite small with dry grass, native plants and the rock outcrops. You can see the same rock outcrops at other parks in the city, like Grand View Park and Corona Heights Park (I like both of those parks better than Tank Hill).  The hills that lead up the Tank Hill are fairly steep and once you climb up the steps at Tank Hill (there aren't that many of them), you'll get a nice panoramic view.  The view is the only reason to come up here.It never seems crowded but then again, there really isn't that much to see because it's a tiny park (or does it even qualify as a park?).  You're close enough to run up Twin Peaks, Corona Heights Park, Buena Vista Park, and Mount Sutro, run down to Kezar, or climb the lengthy staircases sprinkled throughout the neighborhood.  You'll have to park in the neighborhood since Tank Hill doesn't have its own parking area.  Finding parking shouldn't be too difficult.  No amenities.
a very great friend of mine brought me to the most hidden part of the city (somehow..), but i would say that this is the humbled version of twin peaks since it's just below the peaks. although you have to hike up this hill, the view of SF is priceless (well...it's the same view if you're on the peaks. LOL)love it, though.
Honestly I had no idea this existed! It truly is a secret gem of San Francisco. One afternoon some of the Pinchd team went to the Seward Street Slides and then to Tank Hill to drink some beers. It is the best view I have seen of SF, and I have been to Mt.Tam and Alamo Square and Buena Vista. It is breathtaking. I recommend either to impress a date with a picnic on top of the hill or get some of your buddies together with some beers to reminisce. Gets pretty cold so pack blankets.
I love this park! One of the best views in the entire city. Its very small and quiet, but thats what i like about it. You can just crack a beer, light up a bowl , and relax
This is the place I have missed for this 4 years. And I came back there and I found I am really lucky to be able to live in cole valley to come to this hill everyday with my husband.I like everything about it. To get there,my favorite street was beldevere street. It was the street that is like in fairy tale. I like to talk with the neighbor whom I met on my way to get there who  offered me his lemon.I liked the strong wind. blue sky. fog in the sunset time.I liked to see birds were almost stopping for strong wind. It is just not a view.It is a special place for cole valley resident.
I came here last year(?)  We parked near Sutro towers and we had to HIKE UP.The hike up is not bad and you get a pretty amazing view of the city.
The views of the city during sunrise do not get more spectacular than from this very spot. My profile has an example. Views as good as Twin Peaks but with absolutely no tourists. Only locals know about this spot, or bother to tread there. It's part of my morning jog routine, and the view is a reminder of why I moved to SF in the first place.Two other nearby parks that complete a nice walking trio of SF Parks are: Corona Heights Park, and Buena Vista Park.
One of my favorite spots in San Francisco. The views are amazing. I love this place cause it isn't as high profile as Twin Peaks and not as crowded.
I can't believe I've never been up to this park until about a month ago.  Even though it's not as high as Twin Peaks I have to say that I enjoy Tank Hill a lot more, the environment is much more charming and personal, and the views are still just as fantastic.Definitely a great park to bring a lunch and thermos of tea/coffee.  I really recommend walking up, via Stanyan to Belgrave and then up the dirt path.Awesome place!
Beautiful and absolutely stunning. Like most people said, the views are like Twin Peaks which everyone knows, but you can't experience the true essence of this city without visiting uncommon places like Tank Hill. The views are abundunt but unique since it is closer to the ground than Twin Peaks. You can discover details of the scenary at a bird's eye view. I hope this place remains more anonymous b/c it is less crowded than other popular view spots. The views here really touch your heart.
Tank Hill has to be one of my absolute favorite place in the city, in part, due to its proximity and anonymity. I discovered this one Saturday afternoon while wandering. I had just read "Oh the Glory of It All!" and decided to search for Pat Montandon's angel tree on Shrader after googling it and realizing it was just up the street from where I live. The tree was pretty awesome to behold, and having walked up that far, I figured at this rate, I could hit Twin Peaks. I continued to walk up towards the tower and came upon a foresty area just off of Carmel. Having heard enough fairy tales to know not to go wandering into dark foresty areas alone, I did a 180 and proceeded to march off in the opposite direction, which is when I discovered a friendly looking trail. A minute later was possibly the best view of SF one could hope for.I kept it a secret for a while, but since gave in and told all my friends. Tank Hill is now my default place for celebrating New Year's Eve and 4th of July. The views are panoramic, and you can see GG bridge, the Financial District, and Oakland off in the distance. It can at times get quite windy, but just be sure to have your North Face parka handy. It's a nice little getaway for reading (if not windy), and I've even see people do tai chi there. It's relatively crowd free except for any day involving fireworks or the Blue Angels.
This place is so easy to get to you could load up a whole wagon of Pugs and happily cart them up to the top with nary a protesting grunt to be heard.The curiously-named bluff upon which your sight lines, being bisected by the backside of Buena Visa, flow out along two distinct visual wedges;  the first towards your left encompasses the whole of Cole Valley and the Park-Richmond-Presidio-Ocean beyond, while the latter commands a respectful view of Castro-Mission and distal downtown.  While you will not find the all-encompassing panoramic revolving restaurant views of Twin Peaks or Grand View here because of the lower elevation, it does serve to bring out the 3-D texture of the city in a unique fashion.  The minor hills and rills stand out more here so depth and distance functions are easier to appreciate, Tolkein-esque in a way.
Is nothing sacred? Let's leave Coit Tower for the tours. But you'll find me here when I need a view.
Afternoon beauty.... Go.  It is incredibly stunning.Just go.  I don't even understand why this should be reviewed.  It should just be mandatory.
It's kind of like a poor man's Twin Peaks. It's hard to find, so I think that gives it some cachet. The view is good, although you mostly get a view of the Presidio. The cool thing about Tank Hill is that there are quite a few blackberry bushes growing around here, and if you go at the right time, you can pick a bushel of them. Is it crazy to eat wildly grown anything in an urban setting these days? I did, and I'm still here, so I guess either I dodged a bullet or that they're perfectly safe. The space is actually just a small paved lot. Nothing pretty about it, but a good view. I can imagine that if you were to come here on a nice hot day, you could sit and enjoy some cold beers with your view.
There's driving to a vista point to make out, and then there's hiking to a vista point to fully immerse in 260 degrees views of the the city. Tank Hill is definitely the latter.Surprisingly, Tank Hill actually has better views than Twin Peaks because it is lower in elevation. You get a much clearer, unobstructed view of Mission, Castro, Downtown and all the way to Seacliff. Go during the day and go back at dusk for a more dramatic view.The hike up here is really really minimal. You can even do it in platform sandals! Getting here is even easier, you can go south on Clayton and veer right off onto Twin Peaks. Or take the 33 and get off at Clayton/Twin Peaks. No need to mess with Belgrave. Just take these stairs and be in love with SF!google.com/maps?f=q&hl=e…
Another favorite place for clearing the brain, meditating, etc.  I would not recommend a picnic here as it is very windy most of the time.This gem is one that I would often find by accident.  I've been there some many times now that I've pretty much have it imprinted in my brain.Great views of the city, awesome place to be intoxicated with your favorite libation.  Definitely a must experience!!
Beautiful views in a nice secluded setting. The top of the hill isn't super expansive, so dog running space is limited. But it was certainly enough for my little pup to run (most) her energy off.
One of my favorite vantage points of San Francisco. Everything seems so close by and clearly laid out; I'm not sure there is a better way to understand the layout of the city.Do your body a favor and jog up there on a nice day, the reward at the end is worth it.
I kept trying to find out how to get up to the top and it took me at least 10 reviews to find out about the stairs next to the house. The other "trail" near the end/bottom of Twin Peaks Blvd. did not seem to lead me anywhere so I retracted and kept walking uphill on TPB until I found those skeptical steps that appear to be private property. Once up those steps, everything is straightforward, just follow the path and you'll hit peak where you can see the breathtaking view of northern and northeastern SF.
I wish I could say that I've been drinking forties on Tank Hill since highschool because it is one of the sweetest spots in the city, but the truth is I didn't find out about it until I went away for college. Besides the gorgeous view of Cole Valley and beyond, Tank offers a lot of the intimacy that Twin Peaks lacks. Just to be sure, this is not a hidden spot or anything like that, but you'll typically only find locals walking their dogs or well-informed visitors. The easiest way to access the park is by walking up the stairs off Twin Peaks Blvd, but you can hike in on a short trail by going around to the north end of the park and walking up Belgrave. If you choose this route be careful to stay on trail. It is a delicate habitat and native species have enough trouble fending against invasives. Check out this link to the S.F. neighborhood parks council for some more information regarding the general and ecological history of this place: sfnpc.org/tankhillhistory Make sure to bring a jacket because it can get very windy up there. Unfortunately you can't see the sunset from Tank Hill because it is obscured by Mt. Sutro to the west, but just catching the reflection of a late afternoon sun on the downtown high-rises is beautiful enough. Although I haven't gotten out of bed early enough to catch the sun rise in years, I'm sure it would be an awesome sight given the unobstructed views of the east.
Tank Hill is an area that even many locals don't know about.  Pre WWII a large water tank was built on it (I guess similar to the one on Potrero Hill), the trees were planted to shroud the tank and camouflage it from the oft expected Japanese bombers.  On a clear day you can hear Barbra Streisand singing and you can enjoy the crystalline views West, East, North and bits of the South.  I've even taken guests up there in rain and fog and they've raved about it.  Try a night when you can watch the sun set and the moon rise simultaneously.Don't go there to sort out your relationship - on a calm day the acoustics from the top are such that the neighbors in the gardens below can hear your conversation - trust me - I'm the lady reading a book in her yard, and I don't want to hear why you're just not meshing anymore.
The views are gorgeous, 270 degrees. It's a great place at sunset. Easiest access is from Twin Peaks Blvd, just at the Clarendon Avenue junction - up a short staircase and you're there. (The more exciting route is up from Cole Valley.) If you go at night, carry a flashlight because the staircase is dark. The night view is worth it, though. Pity they cut down all the trees, though. This used to be a mini-forest. With a great view.It's pretty safe, but it does drop away steeply, so if you take small kids up there, keep an eye on them.
Easily the best hill in the city. If you have to visit one visit the Tank:Better views than Twin Peaks: see West!Wild brownery makes you feel like you've discovered something hidden.Rocks to climb around on.A giant working tank on top, with the turret and everything!Just watch out for the poison snakes. They're EVERYWHERE!
What a view! A clear night is breath taking. There's hardly ever another soul up here either....unless it's the 4th of July and in that case, stake out a spot early!
I just got done stumbling upon this great secret spot for the 2nd time -- and both times I was there in the thickest, most amazingly creepy fog SF has to offer.  Interesting, beautiful perspective on the city in a lovely, out-of-the-way neighborhood.  A hike up from Haight or Cole Valley makes for a fine walk.
This place is great, great views, less tourists...highly recommend!...not much to do though..
What can I say about this place that is still considered to be one of San Francisco's best spots kept secret? Go up here and have your breath taken away by the awesome views that span the bay to the east and the north. A perfect viewing spot to watch the fireworks on 4th of July. Be warned though, even though the view is great, the weather can be a bitch. Like everywhere you go in SF, it's best that you bring a jacket or sweater or both.5 Big Red Ones
A great spot to stop and take in views of San Francisco. Walk up from the haight or castro to get the fulllest view of the city (270+ degrees). Incredible sunrises!  See from the Marin Headlands, the towers of the Golden Gate Bridge, and the downtown skyline, to Portrero Hill and everything in between.I've heard that some people have had wedding ceremonies up there. And a good place to watch fireworks, assuming it's not foggy.
You've got to check out this spot. Lovely view of the city. Off Belgrave and Stanyan. Can't miss it. Bring a camera
This is probably my favorite spot in the entire city. I started coming here in high school and stop by nearly every time I visit the city. The view is gorgeous. In fact, it's so good I wish that it wasn't on yelp because I don't want it to become a touristy place. Fortunately the parking is too small for buses.
This hill kicked my butt when it came at the end of a 10 mile training walk.  But the view, right in the middle of the city, is worth that burning sensation...Be sure to bring a friend for a fantastic photo op.
