So many things to see and do here. Hiking, shopping, eating, YMCAing, running, Off-the-Grid food truck eating, and more. Amazing views and a breath of fresh air right when you need it.Driving through here is one of the reasons I finally broke down and started using GPS. It's easy to get distracted and lose your sense of direction. Best appreciated on foot or when you don't have to be somewhere soon.
I love the presidio. I love it so much that of the 9 years I've lived in San Francisco, I've lived within a block of it for 6 of those years. I don't even know where to start because there is so much to do but, I'll start with my experience on Saturday. First off, it was SUCH a nice day out that if you weren't outside then you're probably a vampire or were extremely hungover. Either way, you missed out if you were on your couch. There's a small grass area to the left of the Lombard Gate and usually wide open with space. Honestly, I never see people using this part of the park. There are tons of eucalyptus trees if you want shade, a wall to sit on (and crush Golden Gate Market sandos) and plenty of poop bags for doggie doo doo. It's a great spot for a picnic if you don't want to deal with the craziness of "Off the Grid" or other Presidio events. Pack a lunch, bring a loved one/friends and pop a squat. Big fan here.
What a beautiful park with an excellent location next to the Bay and with great views of the GG Bridge. This former military base is on primo real estate. Check out their website for all of the things you can do. Hiking, sightseeing, relaxing along with attractions like the Walt Disney Museum. Come here. You will be glad you did.
Man, the Presidio is a secret place most locals knows about.  You are not a local unless you pass through here.  There are endless places to hike, jog, run, or simply ride your bicycle. If you love photography, the sunrise and sunsets here overlooking Golden Gate Bridge is breathtaking. I have recently taken an interest in learning about native wildflowers (during my downtime) which explains my recent visit at the Presidio.  Hard to believe growing up in San Francisco, I get to enjoy all this nature in the heart of San Francisco. Until then, be kind to one another and Cheers! ~ :p
Went to The Presidio to see Women: New Portraits by Annie Leibovitz - FREE exhibit.  It's in a building up the street past Sports Basement in the Presidio.  It's on the Left. I think they close that parking lot and you have to park on the street or Sports Basement.  Tickets are sold out, but they do Stand-by line or if not busy they just let you right in.  Ok to take pics on your phone lady told me.The photos are are close together and too many people looking at it to enjoy it much.  Get a brochure so you can read about the photos.  2 big screens to see more pictures.  Also a room to look at photo books I didn't do that.There is a Presidio FREE Shuttle from Downtown near the Hyatt, but I walked from Montgomery Bart is like 4 miles each way.
The Presidio is great for......Golden Gate Bridge admiring...House of Air trampoline jumping...Planet Granite indoor rock climbing...Sailboat and kiteboarding watching...Sports Basement shopping...Off the Grid picnicking...Gorgeous scenery enjoying...Lucky-to-live-in-SF reminding and most recently......Annie Liebovitz photography appreciating. (WOW.)goo.gl/no5TRh
The Presidio is truly a gem of the San Francisco bay area. Long in history, and always a really great day to be enjoyed here. We came to tour the Officers Club and museum, as well as take a hike around the grounds to see the art installations from Andy Goldsworthy. Pretty interesting works (there are 4) and it makes for a great hike. Picnic in the Park was also going on, so there were more people than there would be on another day. Beautiful day and always beautiful views. . .
The Presidio is a beautiful place to visit, if you want to escape from the bustling city. There are interesting places to explore, foods to eat (seasonal), scenic views, and awesome little trails. It is also one of San Francisco's BIGGEST parks! I haven't explored the Presidio too much, but here are some that I know! - Lands End (Labyrinth & view of Golden Gate Bridge) - Lovers Lane - Palace of Fine Arts - Off the Grid, Friday nights (I think it's March - Dec) - Off the Grid, Picnic at the Presidio (April - Oct) - Walt Disney Museum - Crissy Field - Baker Beach Definitely a nice place to go for a stroll when you're bored, or to take a visitor!
I was seriously SO impressed with this place!  I wasn't sure what I was expecting but this was pretty terrific.  The Officer's club is where we started, they have informative staff and lots of maps plus a wonderful indoor museum (very well done!).We didn't get to hike in the Presidio, but it looks like a lot of places to do so.You do have to pay for parking here.  I think it was $8 for the day or you pay in quarters for smaller amounts of time. Do not be fooled by their maps that make it look like you can walk from the Presidio to the trails by Golden Gate and the water.  Everything is blocked off, there is tons of construction and we ended up having to walk a half mile out of the way to get there.  In the process we did walk past the really cool dome thing nearby, but parking down by the water/trails was free and we could have seen the dome thing from there and saved ourselves a good mile after we were already walking 6+ that day out to the bridge.... anyhow, look at me complaining about exercise!Stop here if you have time.
This review is for the Bay Area Ridge Trail. We parked by the Presidio Golf Course near Arguello Gate and took the trail from there, past the cemetery overlook, and down along the coast all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. The scenery was varied - everything from eucalyptus groves to old military buildings and batteries to the GG and Pacific bluffs and coastline. It's a relatively easy hike although there is some uphill walking on the way back if you go all the way to the bridge. Out and back I think it's around 5 miles so allot 2-3 hours. I'm going to do it again when I have visitors in town, lots of bang for the buck in terms of city and landmark views.
San Francisco holds a very special place in my heart not because I am originally from the Bay Area, but because my regular visits here always bring such strong memories of when I first took my wife (girlfriend at that time) on back to back impromptu dates.The awe and wonder she displayed when we toured the city, while we were in our teens, was almost magical. She was like Alice in Wonderland, except in a modern and sophisticated City.Although I have been to many places, and visited many cities; only a few places seem to have such vivid memories attached to them.The serenity of Lugano, Switzerland having lunch by a restaurant overlooking the nearby Lake. The breathtaking beauty of the Swiss Alps overlooking the same city. A Sunday afternoon on the Swiss-Italian Border Train Station where I met this lovely brunette with a simply adorable hat. And even the majesty of the Grand Tetons National Park.None of these seem to compare to those special destinations and adventures that I have had with my best friend. The first time we kissed on a Road Trip was when we stayed in a Hotel in Ouray, Colorado.And my first date with her where we took a plane trip was one wherein we took a flight from Phoenix to San Francisco, to send her on a tour and shopping spree in Chinatown. That day culminated in dinner at the Hyatt Regency's Equinox. The views of the city on this revolving restaurant at dusk were just spectacular.So, when my wife asks for me to help her envision a particular backdrop for a book that she is writing; I figured I would bring her to a place that would give her a first-hand experience based on her description.We hopped on a plane, rented a car for a one way trip back to Phoenix. And that's how we wound up in San Francisco. We started out by Inspiration Point, and eventually ended up by the Presidio. Specifically, I wanted her to see the Presidio Forest. Spending a few hours here just gave her a myriad of ideas. I just sat back and watched her take pictures and write, simply in awe and admiration of her wonderment and talent.There are so many sights to see in San Francisco, but I would highly recommend that any trip to the Bay Area include a visit to the Presidio. The views are simply picturesque. (Please note that the pictures we took here are for her book's backdrop and were a result of exploration, but necessarily tourist consumption)
One of the many treasures of the San Francisco Bay Area.Many places to hike, take a dog for a walk, mountain bike, or just plain sight see/tourist stuff....and its getting better thanks to our congressmen and senators we are getting new trails, new plantings etc.If you are visiting SF....check it out. If you live here...come back!!!
If you come to Frisco, there are many must do places that you need to visit.  This is one of those places.  Situated in the park, there are so much to do.  It's really best to have a car to get around, although parking it will be challenging.  Your camera will have a workout if you visit the Presido.  It is striking and just beautiful.  An icon in a city that has many icons.
Came for a wedding here yesterday. Great venue, decor and atmosphere.  They have the dim lighting as soon as the reception started and it's overlooking the ocean of golden gate. It felt like you were on top of the world during the reception lol! :) just wished they had shuttle service from the chapel to the reception area as it was raining lol so everyone in their suit and dresses were rallying the rain towards the reception area lol.
Most people just head straight for the base of the Golden Gate. Don't be a tourist. If you've only got a day in San Francisco, you're forgiven, but the Presidio is so much more. For you history buffs, this is a former military base. The tall eucalyptus was planted to add cover. For botanists, this is a place where the National Park Service is trying to restore native flora. Runners and city hikers may appreciate the tall hills with rewarding views. And even star wars fans will find a small Yoda statute and Lucas Films HQ. So don't miss out on the best free attraction in SF. Lord knows there aren't many.
Came here for a food truck event and it was packed! It was beautiful. Weather was awesome, as usual. I wish we had more time to explore! Whenever I make another trip back to San Francisco, I will def be coming back!
This is just an incredible place to go explore. To go walk around, take pictures. It feels so peaceful, especially in the afternoon with the breeze hitting your face.
The Presidio is a great place to visit when in San Francisco.  It's rich in both history and nature.  The best part about it, it's flat!!!  You can even rent a bike and take an easy ride through it along the water.  There are also other points of interest within it.  You have the Palace of Fine Arts, Crissy Field, National Cemetery, Fort Point and, of course, the Golden Gate Bridge.  Be sure to dress warm no matter what time of year.  It's along the bay so count on chilly winds and, naturally, fog.  If you're visiting in the morning, be sure to visit The Warming Hut for a killer cafe moccha and a muffin.
This is a very pleasant place to walk but could be better by being a little more stroller friendly. There was the odd footpath that just disappeared with no footpath on the other side. The views of the bridge, water and Alcatraz were good too. We visited on a Tuesday so not much was open but was disappointed that the information centre was not open.
I really think I only scratched the surface of the Presidio since I didnt really get to the center. I stayed along the edge but got the jist of it. We walked along the steps, to the Palace, and then inside just a bit. I really want to get my sneakers and go into the woods and just take it all in. I did walk Lover's Lane which was longer than it felt. I guess thats what lovers do right? It is a long trail toward eternity. Cheese. If I lived in Sf around this neighborhood, I would totally run and explore each time and would never get used to it. Ahhh SF locals are so lucky!!
This is an excellent outdoor space to relax. Plus, every Sunday is Off The Grid. Oh, and the dj is awesome.
Went on a foggy day and had great photo opportunities. The walking was nice and you can feel the sense of history.
Dear old Precidio, you've never looked better. Your people still love you.  Families flock to you, soak up your historical charm, relish the plush, grassy parade field while basking in the sun.  I knew you well, way back when you were still a tired but beloved active Army base.  Your face lift is a thing of beauty.  Little did we know we had arrived at the beginning of Fleet Week.  The City welcomed the Naval fleet with open arms, especially the newly commissioned carrier, the USS America.  Nothing but gorgeous weather, deep blue skies, Azure blue water, hundreds of white sail boats sailing by Alcatraz Island, and the grand old Golden Gate popping out of the fog to greet the day, and people everywhere waiting for the amazing Blue Angels to show off.  What a sight!I could feel the excitement and was proud to see such a display of patriotism. Just when I thought my memories couldn't get better, there you go, making me smile even broader than before.  It makes me so happy to think that, in your old age, you are so cherished.
Loved it here! Got on the free shuttle near the embarcadero bart station on a saturday and hiked to the beach and found myself right under the golden gate bridge.Lots to do and explore with hikes, historical sites, and museums. A shuttle takes you around the whole place which makes it really easy. After I got to walk to the Palace of the Fine Arts and Exploratorium which was also beautiful.
The Presidio is my absolute favorite location in San Francisco, no question.  It's stunningly beautiful, utterly historic, and an all-American original.  You would think the military history of the Presidio would clash with its San Francisco environs, but nothing could be further from the truth.  The Presidio and San Francisco blend perfectly, and that is because they share a mutual history.  Through the Presidio, San Francisco played a leading part in every major conflict of the United States since the mid-1800s.  In turn, the Presidio played a critical part in milestones of San Francisco history, such as the 1906 SF earthquake.  You can feel the historic presence of the United States Army in every corner of the Presidio, as it was shaped by the culture of San Francisco.  This used to be one of the most popular assignments for active duty Army personnel, and it is easy to see why.  Definitely visit here - bring your car, but come prepared to walk the trails, visit the former base, and inhale the history.
A Sunday on the Presidio lawn during Off The Grid is a Sunday well spent.
Beautiful scenery, well planned trails, and a nice break from the fast pace of San Francisco.  Any visitor to SF must stop here at some point - otherwise you are not getting the full experience.  Be sure to check out Off The Grid too, a food truck gathering every Thursday and Sunday evening.
Great place to just walk and enjoy the outdoors but if you want to do anything else its a bit pricey
Have you taken the hour-long "Hidden Presidio" tour they offer on Saturdays? It's quite interesting, and even for a Bay Area native like myself, I was surprised that I was unfamiliar with quite a few pockets of the expansive grounds like the green "earthquake" cottages where displaced people lived after the 1906 Earthquake (photo: bit.ly/13sJFpP). Park ranger Alejandra Iraheta meets you at the transit center and narrates a lot of historical facts as you ride the PresidiGo shuttle (photo: bit.ly/13UYULh). I remember when it was a fully functioning military base because my dad used to work for the government and take us to the PX well before Costco was born.Now the military barracks have turned into pricey condos and retro-hip office spaces all for lease since the area is still a national recreation area. George Lucas moved much of his film production facilities to the renovated Letterman Digital Arts Center which was once a military hospital. You can say hi to Yoda there (review: bit.ly/1bzoOGr). Or you can visit the Walt Disney Family Museum (review: bit.ly/126EEoJ) which is housed in the former Montgomery Street barracks (photo: bit.ly/1bR3ril). Baker Beach straddles the western windward coast, and of course, there's Crissy Field, the perennial setting for the city's annual 4th of July fireworks often overtaken by a blanket of fog.And yes, I've been to Presidio Bowl not really to bowl (which Jamie W. and I ended up doing anyway) but to try the grill which was heartily recommended on "Check, Please! Bay Area by obviously indiscriminate eaters. Those mini-corn dogs were plain whack (review: bit.ly/199I4t5). But I think the genuine beauty of the area can be found in the semi-hidden trails that lead to the overlook points at Immigration Point and the National Cemetery, one of only two cemeteries left in the city. Despite how urban San Francisco can feel at times, the Presidio reminds me what a transcendent patch of greenery can do for you as the world goes mad...[correction] madder.
When you need a break from the city life without having to cross any bridges...
*Beautiful Views, Green Fields, Bring a jacket*This was my first time in the Main Parade area at the Presidio.  I came for the food trucks.The sun is wonderful but the wind chill stings no matter how hot it is.Paid parking with little permits ($1.20 an hour).Walt Disney Family Museum based here.Recommend.
The Presidio area is a large group of old military buildings which also has George Lucas's Letterman film company and the Disney family museum. People still live in some of the old buildings and its a great place to soak up some history. If in the area, I recommend lunch or dinner at the Presidio Social Club. A fun day for all!
we live in Marin but just enjoyed going to the Presidio today.. Love the big old trees, the buildings and the feeling!!!!  saw nice doggies and happy people
Amazing place. Not as crowded, with picnic tables and potty places too. Will come back.
Nothing is better than going back in History. I so loved this place as a kid and still love it. Walking around the Presidio and reading about all of the history that has happened here for the past few hundred years is breath taking. Eating on the lawn and smelling that fresh air is like there is no comparison. We sat there for a few hours and walked around like there was no tomorrow. But of course the next day we felt it..Great family atmosphere and seeing all the little kids reminds me of when Super Serg was a kid himself. When Mom used to bring us here and my brother and I had childhood memories.No I didn't mention my sister since brothers and sisters never get along. lolz..
Great area for running, biking, dating, etc! One of my favorite places in SF (along with the Ferry building). Super quiet and relaxing. It almost feels like another city, away from the loud motorcyclists that crank their engines just to piss people off, drunk bar hoppers, annoying hippies/hipsters (what's the damn difference) who fake being poor, and mobs of tourists that suddenly stop right in front of you on busy streets to look at their maps or suddenly change direction smacking right into you! Aahhh, sorry had to quickly vent.But yea, to avoid all of the nonsense, travel to The Presidio for a peace of mind.
The Presidio traffic intersection of Chrissy Field Avenue and Lincoln Blvd (above Planet Granite, southeast of Fort Point) is a freaking DEATH TRAP for motorists, cyclists, and pedestrians!!!There are two stop signs located here but all too frequently cars heading northbound along Lincoln Blvd will blow through the intersection WITHOUT stopping!!! Since the view from the road above is so scenic many drivers are too busy looking at the GG Bridge, Alcatraz, or the Bay and speed along without seeing the stop sign. THREE times now I've almost gotten broadsided after stopping and proceeding slowing on to the road. In all fairness, this is a really dark intersection at night and visibility is limited, especially when it's foggy. Tonight a woman driving a white BMW station wagon zipping along at  40+ mph nearly plowed into my car and kept right on going. She was laughing about it as she merged northbound on to the GG Bridge. Skank. We seem to spend so much $$$ making The Presidio nice to look at but how about making it SAFER?!?!?!!!!I was born and grew up here and there was a hella lot more traffic safety enforcement when this was an Army base! Instead of adding more shrubbery how about more flashing lights that illuminate the stop signs and traffic intersections????
Nice place to walk around in what was once Sixth Army Hqtrs. Parking currently $1.20/hr or $7/day. Lots of grass, spectacular views, and a few free exhibits, officers club with new restaurant and Walt Disney museum ($20/adult, $15/65+ senior or student).  If time, see Yoda Fountain although not allowed inside Lucas Hqtrs. Come here while it is not fully developed as I can see the parking price increasing and more crowding when they complete both public and private projects on their drawing board.
Was part of an event here at the Presidio about two weeks ago. It was my first time ever going to the Presidio, although I had heard about it several times growing up. I expected a grand and beautiful view. There was a beautiful view, but it wasn't all that grand. It may have been poor planning on the part of the committee, but hundreds of people were basically forced to sit down on the huge lawn/hillside on the presidio grounds and everyone emerged with thorns, bugs, and various other earthly things stuck to their bodies. A lot of people complained how there was some dung or something near to where they were eating. My group actually moved to sit on a nearby picnic table and ended up with splinters in our hands and butts. So sad. It was really pathetic having to run to a ports-a-potty and attempt to remove something from your backside without being able to see it. It would've been better to just remove those sad benches.Overall, this place needs some upkeep but I'm sure community volunteers will be by to restore some parts of the Presidio. It was cool visiting it for the first time and having a momentary view of the Golden Gate before the infamous fog swallowed it up.
I was lucky enough to get a chance to live in the Presidio a few years ago (yes, there are residential rental properties in there! And businesses, too). It was awesome. Even though I lived in the Presidio for two years, I still didn't see everything. The place is huge.Main highlights/great stuff to show people who visit SF: Inspiration point, Baker Beach - especially on a nice day, and Off the Grid if you happen to be there on a Thursday night. For hiking, the Batteries to Bluff trail is great, and so is Crissy Field for enjoying iconic views of the GG bridge. I have not ventured to the Disney museum myself so I can not say if it is worth seeing or not.
What an amazing place to take a walk and even stop for a picnic. it is a beautiful park with great views of the bay and golden gate bridge. To my understanding the park has had many changes and is now a great place for families, friends, and activities. It was less crowded then golden gate park and I think you can ride your bikes thru it as well.
The place was wonderful.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars was due to the operating hours.  Certain things are only open on particular days.  Other than that, definitely do this if for no other reason than to get the views of the Bay.  Drive over to Crissy Field while you're here. Disney museum was good too.  Parking was easy to find and cheap.  If it's a sunny day, bring the kids and a kite.
Possibly the most important place in all of California, though Yosemite might be up there.  No joke - 100's of years of multiple types of history, nature and every type of eco-system and microclimate you could imagine.  If you like hiking, biking, arts, museums, fun, food, activities, etc - it's all here.  If you like public art, whether modern or naturalist - it's all here.  World class restaurants, lodging, trails - places to be calm, places to discover, places to explore.There is nothing in the world like the Presidio. Nothing.  There is no place so rare that provides unending, varied, natural beauty to a profoundly cultured city.  From Spain and Mexico to our military and our city's people, there is rarely a place where so many people are so deeply and proufoundly tied to their surroundings and topography - San Francisco is deeply rooted in what the Presidio meant to the community and formation of how SF actually exists.If you have read this far, and haven't spent much time in the Presidio - make a point of it.  PM for ideas.  The 1000's of acres can be daunting, but I know the inns and outs, and will make it easy for you.Here's a link to start you out - 22 places to discover and explore in the Presidio. Bet you can't name them all! =)plus.google.com/photos/1…It's funny to read my review from 6 years ago. *wow*
Presidio is 50% bigger than golden gate park! And very few people, including locals covered fort scott field which is the real gem of presidio a stone throw away from Golden gate bridge. Presidio has gone through serious improvement as a park in the past 10 years and now really it's the ultimate weekend destination with entertainment, scenery, food, nature, music, art, history, etc., for people with different needs. Family and friends love enjoying the spectacular views and vicinity to crissy field and marina. With its massive size, it reaches into many neighborhoods of SF, a perfect place to live, play. Referernce: 26 things you can do at Presidio: asmalltrip.com/v/afewday…
It's a really strange place to walk/run/bike through. It used to be an old Spanish military installment established in 1776, now it's a really nice housing complex in the woods with huge open grassy areas, fabulous views, and a bunch of non-profit offices. It's kind of a maze in there.They're doing some major construction right now, so we weren't able to get across to Crissy Field. :(
Really.. this was a beautiful community to walk thru during my hike to Golden Gate. I thought all the buildings and history were really cool. it's certainly a point worth checking out and walking thru while in SF.
Check out all of the Andy Goldsworthy exhibits spread throughout the park. Seeing Spire, Tree Fall, Wood Line and Earth Wall make for a perfect San Francisco day trip!
Great place to be if you are tired of the city, there are a lot of things in this park that I like (the outdoors, wide open space, camping, going on hikes or a bike ride) a lot of things to get in touch with nature :)
The views, the hiking trails, the serenity - just a few reasons why this area of San Francisco is uniquely city and country at the same time.
Maybe the cheapest day you'll ever spend in SF. Catch a Muni to the Lombard entrance, then hike to the various spectacular views and old growth forests (yes, even redwoods) throughout the Park. Take some wine, some food and be prepared to stop frequently. A picnic on the Coastal Trail on top off one of the WW1 bunkers was a great way to savor every delicious minute. The Presidio is undergoing a transformation from military complex to tourist destination. It's a work in progress but will only get better every year. We hiked most of the park over our visit - Chrissy Field, under the GG bridge, the National Cemetery, Baker Beach, Pacific Coast Trail  . . . but the best way to see all the highlights? Ride the free PresidiGo buses to ~10 spots ranging from great GG bridge views to Baker Beach. The buses run ever 30 minutes and can carry you to within easy walking distance of some hidden gems of SF.
Judging by the number of people who utilize the Presidio it's obvious people haven't realized how much nicer it is than other parks in the city. There are way less homeless people and there's less drama than other parks. It has different rules than Golden Gate Park and it's mellower, quieter and trippier over all. Baker Beach, the GGB, Crissy Fields and the golf course are all pretty awesome places to walk, run and relax or swim. It also has a lot of interesting trails that meander aimlessly through the woods. The neighborhood inside the Presidio is sort of the down side to the park, especially the built up area around the Disney Museum and there are some really expensive neighborhoods near by, but it's still pretty easy to get in and out and enjoy.
I didn't take a tour, but my son and I opted to walk around on our own, I enjoyed visiting and would definitely go again if I'm in the area.  Great views too!
Wow! The Presidio is big and there's a lot to do there.  Unfortunately, we were limited on time at the Presidio but we did have a chance to walk along almost the entire east side along the water and through Crissy Field Marsh.  We took the San Francisco Bay Trail and started walking near the Beach Hut Cafe and walked all the way to Torpedo Wharf. The entire time we got great views of the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge.  It was extremely windy.  Crissy Field was nice.  We saw some birds in the marsh. There was a beach along the bay so we walked in the sand for some of the walk.  After what felt like about an hour, we decided to stop at Torpedo Wharf. We then walked up the stairs to Battery East Trail.  From there, you can get excellent views. Overall, the Presidio offers a lot of great views and a lot of trails - some inland and some along the water.
Great place to walk, run, galk, tour, eat a meal...pretty much any activity is wayyy more fun at The Presidio. Used to be an old army base but now it's like a park/museum area? Also has nice views of the Golden Gate with somewhat walkable access to Crissy Field. I say somewhat because it's actually kind of tricky finding a path down there...We even saw Steven Spielberg there one time for some Disney commemoration event!
The Presidio is one of if not my most favorite part of San Francisco. This is simply due to the fact that it doesn't feel like you are living, working, or simply spending time in one of the largest cities in the world. Time slows down here and the woods / greenery allow you to relax and enjoy nature/life in a very relaxed way. I recently spent a weekend here staying with a friend. We ended up taking some hikes, bbq'ing, spending time in the back yard, etc. It made us feel like we were in a different part of the country, until we took a short 5 minute walk and entered the Marina District of SF. Having the giant trees, open grassy areas, hiking/biking trails, and minimal background din make this such a wondrous place.The location of the Presidio is awesome as well. You can reach many parts of SF in a short amount of time; The Marina, The Sunset, Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park, etc etc etcIf you have never been, I cant more highly suggest going through this beautiful forested part of SF that is an area like no other city in the world that I have been to from Bangkok to New York to London to Athens. Its truly one of a kind.
It was known as the jewel of the Army during the cold war. Then the base closed down and San Francisco has systematically gone out of it's way to screw the place up. All the charm, history and scenery that remains is despite the city of San Francisco, not because of it.Hidden spot - picnic at the old Burger King gives one of the 3 best views of the Golden Gate bridge in all of SF and Marin county.If you're into the military (few in SF are) history the museum never seems open.There's not much recognizeably left of the base besides the former enlisted temporary lodging (hotel to civilians) the area around the military museum, a weird chapel and some a sign above the fire department for the former US Army Pacific Command..A lot of people don't know the post used to be sand dunes over 100 years ago but the army, pre-save the Earth green days, planted all those beautiful trees.The remains of some coastal cannons are around the Pacific coast but only one has a cannon in it the rest are just empty bunkers teens smoke pot in.The dilapidated houses for former enlisted soldiers and the defunct Public Health hospital are the only thing unscathed by the city's attempt to sell off locations to businesses who want to capitalize on the location.There's a private gym (former base gym) a  post office and a bowling alley (former base bowling alley) which is fun place to bowl and drink beer at midnight.The city spent 11 million on the waterfront but it looks like an oasisGeorge Lucas bought the property of the smashed down former Letterman hospital (one of only 3 on the Pacific coast for the Army in the event of another war) and you can take a tour of Lucas Arts.The only thing left that is really enjoyable is driving, biking or jogging around the various roads on the former post, especially by the coast.
I visited here after already checking out Golden Gate park. It was quite an interesting experience, because it was very outdoorsy attraction even though it was still in the city of San Francisco. From different Overlook locations, you can have a grand view of the Pacific Ocean or of the Bay Area or the city of San Francisco. The only pity is that I couldn't find a lot of other things to do. The fort is not always open and a lot of other locations in the park gets closed at different days of the week. So I would recommend research before coming here for sure.
qwrsfg dont get it,, go check out for urself,, its gud
What's not to love about this place? Whether it's the Walt Disney Museum, the free Shakespeare in the Park performances, the numerous trails or the stunning vistas, there's something here for everyone. The "Spire" (and its surrounding area) is a must for anyone who appreciates living art. The cemetery and army buildings bring out the history buff in everyone. Bottom line: If you haven't visited the Presidio, you've missed out.
This place is great for naturalists, history buffs, photographers,  and joggers.  You name it, they got it.  I was fortunate enough to enjoy the Presidio on a bright blue day, just after a huge rain storm.  It was a little gusty, but the wind and fresh air really make you feel alive.  I brought a group for a ranger led tour of the grounds around the temporary visitor center.  We learned about the significance of this fort and its rich history.  I can't believe I have gone my entire life here without knowing any of it.  We had just finished reading Unbroken and there is a lot of tie in with WWII history here as well as a touching memorial to those missing in action in the Pacific. nps.gov/nr/travel/wwiiba…If you get a chance, take some time to explore the Presidio.  Not only will you learn about our military history, but you will also have beautiful views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the bay, the San  Francisco skyline, and the Palace of Fine Arts.
Beyond the limit of gorgeous, this is just a great area to stroll around, check out the trees, and stumble upon some interesting historic buildings. One highlight that you definitely won't want to miss is the Walt Disney Family Museum, which is more about Walt than about Mickey Mouse or the films, etc. Fascinating museum that's definitely worth a visit. The park itself is a nice mix of forest, beach, cliffs, open grassy areas, and more. Just a super cool place!
View here is absolutely stunning! The best of San Francisco. You definitely have to come here if you haven't yet!
Cool park.  Driving in and out can be a challenge.
My experience with the Presidio had always been on the outer fringes (Battery to Bluffs trail and the areas down near Crissy Field.) However, a few Saturdays ago, my boyfriend and I decided to venture through the Arguello Gate and take the Bay Area Ridge Trail.Free and ample parking on Arguello with easy access to the park. We took a detour up to Inspiration Point and then continued on. I have to say I was pretty impressed with how well signed the park is. The Bay Area Ridge Trail runs about 2.5 miles to the Golden Gate Bridge and we took it the entire length and then back again, rounding it out to about an even 5 mile journey.It was a crystal clear day and while in some areas of the trail we felt a million miles away from the city shrouded in trees, you'd turn a corner and come across the type of San Francisco views that make the cost of living here all worth while!The trail seemed well traveled and pretty safe for anyone who wants to venture on it solo. A few other detours we took were up to the Cemetary overlook as well as Immigration Point. It was interesting to see how the trees change from Eucalyptus and other dense foliage to coastal pines as you got closer to the water. Definitely felt like a magical place and well worth the round trip trek. Fairly easy walk but enough distance to get a small burn.Yelp 100 Challenge-East Bay Edition!
Amazing, the grounds of the Presidio were like nothing I had ever seen before. There  is plenty of great history here and I would be pleased to visit the Presidio again on my next visit to San Fran.
A very beautiful spot and can not believe this used to be a army base.  We ended up finding free parking on the weekend near the cemetery, but make sure you read the signs.  Other than that parking on the big lots will cost $1.20 an hour.  The visitor sites were for free which was very nice.  Lots of signs to read and free bathrooms. There is the Walt Disney museum, but did not go in because it was $20 dollars per visit.  The place is beautiful and you can do the golden gate bridge walk, but the parking lots be prepared to wait for a space.  My parents and I walked the darn thing.
In the always insightful words of Ashleigh Brilliant, "there may not be a heaven, but there is a San Francisco".   How blessed are we to have in the midst of the City, a park of such epic proportions?  How big is it?  Well, J and I spent 4 hours walking inside the gates and didn't even cover half the place.  And that walk is filled with historical markers, both renovated and yet-to-be restored historical buildings,  jaw-dropping vistas, forest-like glades, beautiful housing (lucky residents!), rock bridges, water, a military cemetery, tennis courts in the most beautiful-ever setting, wood pathways, a Starbucks (natch), and even art.  And about that art... well, that's what should get you over there right now.  Andy Goldsworthy - whose fantastic art-in-nature installations have beautified so  many settings - is out there right now, busily building a new Presidio installation called "Wood Line" to supplement the other work he's already installed.  You might just stumble upon him!   But there's something already fully in place, "Presidio Habitats", that you ought not miss (it's extended through September).  Get yourself a map at the helpful Visitor Center then make your way over to the Exhibition Center.  If you're a good map reader and up for a seriously, wonderful, meandering walk (that includes Crissy Field) you might take off on your journey from there.  It's a lot of walking (you won't regret the sights), so if you're not that committed, go move closer to the start of the exhibit.  I recommend beginning not in the Exhibition Center (which feels like it could only spoil your surprise at what you'll see) but just outside of it, where the "Presidio Habitats" exhibit unfolds.  From there, follow the map back and forth on somewhat of an urban park scavenger hunt to discover the different installations spread throughout the surrounding area.  The process of walking between the installations, following signs, then finding what you're looking for and reading all about it. is just thoroughly inspirational.  Go ahead, sit in the giant yellow chair and imagine yourself a heron.   Peer through the trees to view nests of poetry ("resolve conflict through music") inspired  by the robin...   I don't want to give it all away.  Just go check it out and let if unfold for you as a beautiful gift from the City.  Your dog is welcome to join you throughout the park.  Go forth, have an adventure.  Remember, this is the reason you live here.
My favorite place in San Francisco to put on my spotify playlist and hike around aimlessly. Very beautiful scenery on a nice day, super relaxing.
I have no idea why the Presidio is in the category "Vegetarian", but I'll take it.  The presidio is what we new yorkers would call a full on forest.  It's like having Van Courtlandt Park in Washington Heights where the GWB comes into manhattan.  Serious nature surrounds you.  Great for jogging, for a bike ride, or if you want to walk onto the oh so famous Golden Gate Bridge, this is how you would do it.Beautiful and not to be missed.
I enjoy visiting the Presidio. It used to be a military camp that is now a park. There's nice walks and trails in the park. It's nice to see a part of San Francisco with a lot of green trees. I enjoy visiting the Golden Gate Bridge and Crissy Field also.
What a beautiful spot.  It's a parklike setting right next to the Golden Gate Bridge and the Bay.  This is arguably one of the most picturesque former military bases I have ever been on.  Only rivaled by the parklands over in Marin on the other end of the Golden Gate Bridge that were also once military installations.You can not see any where near it all in one day.  But here are some of the places we have seen that are worth your while... but remember there are others we have not gotten to yet...Disney Museum, but plan on 3 hours there, maybe more if you are a Disney fan.  This place is devoted to the life of Walt Disney, not Disney the company, but the stories are somewhat intertwined.  A great place to see the life story of a great man..Palace of Fine Arts, nearby, technically not in the Presidio but worth a walk to and an hour or so seeing the grounds.  Real ornate architecture...The Yoda fountain by the Lucasfilms offices not far from the Palace...  for you Star Wars buffs ..... If you go Mon to Fri you can possibly get into the Lucasfilms lobby to see the collection they have there.Walk the Presidio Promenade passed the old military cemetery to the hill down to Fort Point.   What a view from that Fort !!! Civil War era, right under the Golden Gate Bridge... the Pacific on one side, the Bay on the other.  You can see the coastline to the south and the City by The Bay to the east... Awesome.... Try to go on a clear day... we got one of those and it made it even more spectacular !!  Just dress warm, it can get windy and cold at the Golden Gate.....  you will not forget the view.... All the above would fill up a long day,,,, but it is doable if you start early   .....
Over the weekend, I decided it was high time to get Giles, my Vizsla, out to explore the Presidio. A few windy paths later, near the playground and tennis courts, we came across the path to led us deep into coyote country. If you find this trail, you'll discover hills and rocks and rare flowers and birds of prey and yes, the occasional coyote. Honestly, it's a breath-taking hike (or run) and while your dog is technically supposed to be on-leash, I found most other owners let theirs run freely. Just be warned, some regulars aren't too fond of this and they'll request (in a slightly insulting passive-aggressive manner) that you leash your dog. Now that I go often, I like that it doesn't get very crowded (I usually see someone maybe every 5 minutes) and it isn't desolate to the point of paranoia. Nothing tops walking through the Presidio on that picturesque sunny day. And with all the different types of terrain, I felt like little red riding hood skipping through the forest. The only downside is the path from beginning to end comes in at a mere 2 miles. Maybe next time I'll spend some extra time finding more trails. Any tips are super welcome.
I was a resident of the Presidio for little over a year. Living in the park is nice because you can escape from the busy noisy city downtown life and come back to a peaceful residential park. My only major complaint was that the leasing office agents and the parking services rangers in the Presidio are terrible to work with. I paid for a parking pass every month and for about the first 6 months that I lived there I didn't have any issues. However during the beginning of the last year March 2013 I started receiving $ 100.00 invalid parking pass tickets on my car. I started receiving these tickets about once every two weeks. I tried to contact my leasing agent, Tim Dayner, to explain the issue. He was not helpful and just said that it was not his responsibility and couldn't provide me with a even another contact to try to resolve the issue. I tried contacting him multiple times after I continued to receive tickets and he continued to be unhelpful. I ended up going to court to contest the first three tickets I received. I was able to get dismissed. The next week I continued to receive tickets I tried to contact Officer Bernard Durham, the officer in charge of Presidio parking services, to explain the new tickets I recieved were a mistake as well. He refused to respond to any of emails or phone calls. I was then relocated to another project out of the state so I end up paid three of tickets in full because I wasn't able to go to court to contest them. Hopefully this review will help others and maybe the Presidio parking services department will take this compliant as constructive and improve the system so that other Presidio residents don't have to deal with the same issues that I had to deal with. Alex
This place is gigantic. I haven't seen all of this place, not by a long shot. I haven't done any of the tours, but the place is so huge, I have no idea where to start. It's a cool place to walk around, but I'd definitely try to get a tour. Every time I've driven by, I couldn't tell what was still in operation and what wasn't. There's still people living around here and it's just an all around neat, but different place to visit.
Whenever I think of SF I think of the city. Where there's always a night life, things to do and people to see.So when my friend mentioned The Presidio, it was a must see place.And Ohhh Snapppppp, we climbed the Inspiriation View and it was ahhhhmazing. I highly recommend starting from the base because the trail starts out forest lookin' and ends overlooking the bay =)You can also drive up to the viewpoint, but don't! Well unless you must. Again very so worth the mini hike.The park area is also beautiful. The wrap around pond offers a great stroll. When we were there some girl was having her quinceria pictures taking there. Oohh I wish to take my wedding photos therrre. Harrharrhar. No but really, it really is a beautiful setting.Overall, The Presido is a lot of walking so bring shoes and your dates and dogs and family and friends.
I only ran here and love it. I like running on uphills, so good for me.
First of all, I love the movie Vertigo. It's one of my all time favorites! Love Love Love it! You know... this is where Madeleine "jumps" into the water. I think there's a theme in the movies that I like... oh well.On a side note: Robert Sean Leonard is not my father... he's not he's not he's not!! And I don't look like him! hahahaSo of course, when I went to San Fran, I checked this place out. It's gorgeous!!Definitely not over-hyped... just breath-taking actually! One of my favorite places in the city actually...
I've lived in SF for over 2 years now and just checked out the Presidio for the first time last week. I guess there's not usually a specific reason to go here. I was there for Film in the Fog, playing Dark Passage. Film in the Fog is super fun and I'd go again in a second.The Presidio itself is very cool too. I'd love to go running here if it weren't so far from where I lived. It has some great views and it's very peaceful. Also cool to see all the old military buildings.
If you are lucky enough to be an outsider coming into the city for a few hours and you arrive on a day like yesterday, life is good.  Life is better if your meeting is in the Presidio, and after a long drive from the mountains, you haul your tired ass out of the car, step out and...... the heavens opened and the angels sang.A breathtaking view of the Golden Gate Bridge.Blue skies and perfectly shaped white clouds scudding across the horizons.Perfect spring time temperatures, flowers are blooming, no crowds.I felt like I had stepped into a San Francisco postcard.
What more can you ask for? Gorgeous scenery with views of the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, and the Palace of Fine Arts! I love to come here to run, but this is also a nice place to have a BBQ/picnic on the weekend.Parking can be difficult if it's a nice day, but it's never taken me too long to find a spot.
