This is a must for just how coo-coo-bananas it is. H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha III is a cult leader, a la L Ron Hubbard, who has "made" a lot of art and managed a list of 30 amazing accomplishments, according to plagues everywhere that will hyperbolically explain it to you. Most of the art was in the place was created by him, supposedly. There's also some art so unbelievable that they can't show it to you, so it's behind a heavily locked door with paper on it, so no one can get in. This includes "a sculpture containing thick fog" and "the first sculpture in the world that defies replication, 'The Mystery of Lovely Colors." It's too bad no one can see these things that most definitely exist behind the door.  The plaques will also tell you many times to check records such as The Library of Congress for information that proves things but will not provide catalogue numbers.  I only wish there was more information on the art collection that has been collected that isn't just long, meandering paragraphs.Go to this place and enjoy the awesomeness of it. It's free and maybe only takes 30-45 minutes if you want to really read everything.
If I could choose one word to describe this place it would be unsettling. I am not quite sure what exactly is going on with everything but honestly between the free admission, the clean interior, and an occasional nice piece of art, it's not all bad. I've passed by several times but on a random rainy Friday I decided to finally give it a shot since it was a free day. I was alone and honestly it's a little creepy. The first floor lounge area is nice. It looks like a magical children's playground and it's definitely the best "exhibit." The first floor is mainly empty but if you enjoy exploring random buildings, it's fun to take a walk around. They also have a nice clean restroom which is always a plus especially when you're wandering the city.The actual paintings are all upstairs. The layout is a bit confusing but if you enter through the main room, you'll find your way out. It's bigger than I expected but it's nowhere near the size of a full museum. I thoroughly read about a quarter of the placards and breezed through the rest. As many people stated most of the work is done by one person, H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha III, who believes he's the reincarnation of Buddha. I'd say about 70% of the work in the museum is by him (even some of the Western paintings). The Western works weren't anything special for a museum but not bad. Most of Buddha III's works are just flat out not that good but the placards really take the cake. They sound like the BS high school students write when they are trying to analyze a work of art. While the art itself was kinda meh, I did enjoy just exploring the upstairs area. There weren't many people so I was alone a lot and wandering by myself through the building was almost haunting.Overall, a good pit stop if it's a free day. You can easily finish the whole thing in an hour if you were being thorough and probably under 20 mins if you just wanted to breeze through everything.
This is more of a cult place to hold works from a guy who self-claimed to be the reincarnated buddha than a real museum. As you have read from other reviews, most of the exhibitions here are from the same person, and all curations go nuts praising how much a genius this guy is, how deeply these paintings connect to the universe and how much it's comparable to Van Gogh, well just imagine how North Koreans praise their leaders in media. This guy is truly prolific, so it takes a while to see them all.Simply searching this guy's name online you will find so many articles researching the background of this guy, like he's wanted in China for fraud, he got himself a World Peace Prize from congress, also a defamation case which they lost. This buddha lives in Pasadena.If you haven't seen enough mediocre Chinese arts you can just go here. Also notice that many pictures here are probably prints, if you look close enough, you see pixels. There are several paintings that seem to be from really really famous (like top 3) painters in 20th century China, but they look suspiciously new, not made 60 years ago. In the gift shop, you can also buy framed prints of this budhha's arts for over $250,000 (yes, it's true).This museum even has a treasure room to hold some god-knows-what treasures and it's locked. On the door you can read eye-opening descriptions of the impact of those treasures on earth.Still this is a very unique place in the middle of Market, and it's free. As a Chinese, we have seen enough of this kind of fake buddhism crap (to see real buddhism art, go to Asian Art Museum) and cult leader. You are welcome to experience it as well.
I like the International Art Museum of America so much not just because of the attractiveness of the paintings and sculptures, it's also free!  I only wanted to look at most of the beautiful artwork of H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha III.  The ones that captured my attention the most were the "Ancient City in the Rain" painting and the handcrafted picture frames with eye-poping 3D images.  The "Ancient City in the Rain" is looking magical on the top to bottom while modern everyday life such as the buses and vehicles and people with umbrellas are aligned in the bottom left.  As for the rest of the paintings made with ink strokes, they made me feel like I go back in time to embrace the true beauty of nature.  I wanted my family and friends to visit this museum.  Highly recommended!!
This place is so random. Most people will discover IAMA while walking along Market Street, then the colorful exhibits catch their eye. That happened to me when I was heading to the Asian Art Museum with some friends. We stopped by because admission was free. On that note, I would not have paid admission to come here, but nevertheless, my curiosity was satisfied. The museum seems to be focused on Asian history, though it says International in its name. Lots of cool artwork. The upstairs gallery felt like the inside of an empty hospital. Eerie. You can see everything in less than half an hour, spending most of that time in the museum store that smells like a dentists office. I think the lobby was my favorite part because it was decked out with tropical decor and made me feel like I was in an artificial rainforest. More than anything, coming to IAMA was a great way to get out of the rare San Francisco heat and do something spontaneous with my friends.
I usually write my Yelp reviews without reading previous reviews.  For this one, my curiosity won out.  I really wanted to know what other people thought of this museum.I agree with everyone who said it's only worth visiting if you go on a free day.The building is pretty, the collection of art is.... different. It's not "roadside America" kitschy... it's not a "varied" collection... It's a lot of Asian art, a handful of 18th and 19th century classical paintings, and then a handful of digital art.I think I walked through the whole museum in about 15 minutes.  They don't allow pictures of the inside of the museum.  So, kudos to the stealthy Yelpers who posted pictures!
Randomly stumbled in here while walking around the streets of SF and was drawn in by the massive 'FREE ADMISSION' signs.  I am no fine art expert, but the pieces in here were detailed and elaborate.We quickly walked through the entire museum in probably 15 minutes, and didn't spend much time as nothing captured our attention.  Because it was free it was definitely worth a stop inside, but I would not recommend paying to come inside.The lobby area is a peaceful sanctuary, and a fantastic place to sit and relax if you need a few moments to yourself.  I actually enjoyed the lobby more than the actual museum itself!
I'm not really a museum person but this place kept me entertained for about 30 minutes. If you enjoy art and sculpture you will like this place. Oh, and it's free.
Yelp didn't lie with the reviews on this place! It was ODD to say the least. After reading the reviews I felt we had to check it out, but only if it was free admission. It seems like all days are free admission, check it out for some strange combo of genres. So it seems like the guy who owns the place, loves his artwork so much he created this museum mainly to showcase himself. There are other artists work here but not very many. Most everything is done by the one guy. Really take some time to read the placards, they are hilarious and will make the museum that much more comical! For most of the museum it is all Asian art, and calligraphy style work. There are a few sculptures around then randomly some still-life flower paintings and paintings of people that look like George Washington. Once you round another corner you'll come to digital work and almost 3D hologram work but it's not done very well and you'll send a few minutes realizing just how odd this museum really is. And when it's time to leave, you really do exit through the gift shop. Not sure the art knows that movie and wanted to intend the pun but the pun wasn't lost of us, we enjoyed how funny that was! Great place to stop by because it's free, good for a few laughs and it only takes about 20 minutes to go through.
During my trip to San Francisco in early 2015-April, I more or less stumbled onto IAMA (International Art Museum of America) near 6th Street, at the time mainly presenting paintings and sculptures by H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha III.My first experience of the space was an incredible contrast to bustling downtown Market Street and sunny San Francisco weather. Step inside and you are suddenly in a dim, cool, grotto complete with the soothing sounds of an artificial, leafy waterfall of oriental inspiration. Beyond that was the museum/gallery proper with its displays, and hardly anyone inside its remarkably extensive maze. And this cool and quiet oasis from the anxiety of day-to-day life was completely free to visit!As for the exhibits, they were definitely worth looking at, such as lions painted with fur-like fur comprised of an unbelievable amount of fine, individual strokes. Read the exhibit descriptions to discover these and other details that the casual eye might miss.IAMA is open Tuesday to Sunday, 10 AM to 5 PM. Free tours every second Sunday of the month at 1:30 PM.If you even just need a quiet place to sit and rest out of the sun, the cavernous lobby has some seating off to the side.Respectfully ask if you may use the washroom and the security staff will let you have the code.
This is possibly the oddest museum you will visit in a while. You enter this Beau Arts style space through a lagoon with water and a treehouse on an island (really!) that debatably rivals the Tonga Room in attempting to recreate nature. In the upstairs gallery you will see a bewildering mix of art with no real theme. There are creepy paintings of vultures, creepy old men, creepy blobby art and frames, branches, calligraphy, Photoshopped pieces, even lenticular pieces (really!). All of these are interspersed with classical European pieces. I can only imagine that H. H. Dorje Buddah III is a bajillionare to be able to pay the rent on this vast space. You exit through the gift shop (really!) and it becomes a marble tile showroom (really!). If you have the time, this museum has to be seen to be believed.
The name of the museum is a little deceiving. The museum is manly a collection of the many works of H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha III. His work is very impressive, I must say. There are some works that really stand out. High-leg Treasure Horse,Song of the Waves in the Three Gorges, and A Lotus Pond has Carp are must sees. There are some interesting pieces like Old leaves exhibit redness, where he mimics Monet and Sunflowers, where he harnesses his inner Van Gogh. I would love to see their collection expand to more artist, but for what it's worth this museum is good for a short visit.
THIS PLACE IS WEIRD!Has a vibe that reminds me of North Korea, like it has everything to hide and its an elaborate front.Saw pixelation in one of the paintings, if i'm not mistaken. Something is fishy about this place. No one ever goes there really either.
This place is completely nuts. I tell everyone to go there at least once. It is a unique experience. The "collection" is mainly works by a cult leader who declares himself repeatedly throughout the museum and all over the web as the 3rd reincarnation of the Buddha.Read at least one of the large description plaques. They are full of pompous proclamations of the genius of this mediocre art and how glorious and celebrated this guy is. Honestly so over the top I need to use a meme. I can't evenGo on a free day. The art is mostly terrible but he is prolific so there is plenty of it. Then head over to the Asian Art Museum in Civic Center to see truly magnificent works of art.
What's really striking about this museum is how far gone the curation is.  Good museum conventions (like placing a large collection of a single artist's work in its own exhibit, or even merely listing the medium of a piece on its label) are completely disregarded.  Descriptions of pieces are written with a subjectivity that is so naked and unself-conscious it comes across to the reader as crazed devotion.  Do you want to know what the artist is trying to say by making a startlingly low-resolution print of a painting?  The label will conspicuously lack this information, and the docent will swear it is not a print.  Want to know what point the artist was trying to make by titling a lenticular image of flamingos "Phoenixes At their Bath" (or something to that effect)?  Forget about it.  Want to know why the artist chose to make a series of sculptures out of what appears to be lacquered spray foam?  You're S.O.L.I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here.  I found it refreshingly crazy, like Tommy Wiseau's The Room (1993) in museum form.  Totally worth the 20 minutes and $0 entrance fee.
Frankly Speaking, I was impressed by this museum's content and artwork. The Tropical Garden by its entrance is really nice, and it gives you a break from our Urban landscape. The museum has beautiful Calligraphy art pieces, European Art, Chinese Art and Buddhist Art. Very interesting... never seen Buddhist Art before, which made it very unusual. I'm still intrigued to visit the Treasure room, and the significant value of those sculptures. I'm sure it will be part of my next visit...If you are looking for something new and interesting,  as well as expanding your art knowledge this is the place to go! Besides.. It's free :)
Very cool museum near the civic center! It is mainly a collection of the works by H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha III. There are three neat things about this museum:1. It's free admission (at least in 2014 it was)2. It has a beautiful lobby and photos are allowed -- it's like an indoor Asian park, with a pond, a  bridge, a gazebo and everything!3. It has a nice gift shop with cool inexpensive products
This museum was like a little hole in the wall you didn't even know was there you could walk by it and miss it easily. It's on a part on market Street is being renovated past the shopping center before the Orpheum theater. There's a gift shop that's very nice and there is the museum and you walking to the museum and it looks like a beautiful oasis you want to take your family pictures in front of everything you can take pictures on the first level but you cannot take pictures on the second level upstairs there is a wide variety of different art sculptures and paintings done from people in Europe and people from Asia there is an Asian inspired looks like an outside wall running a long one and it is really quite fascinating and beautiful didn't take us that long to walk to the whole thing there are also some benches in some areas we could sit down and ponder the art. The gift shop was really nice I am bought a some piano at a very reasonable price that was handcrafted I also bought him a sculpture bowl and they have some really nice things and unique things in their gift shop as well. Right now admission is free recommend anybody who wants to go to a museum for free the deathly check out this little gem.
Amazing! The art pieces by HH Dorje Buddha III aren't from this era nor this world.  No other artists have (or had) ever accomplished the same. I've been there twice and will continue visiting whenever I am in SF. Please don't just skim through. Pay attention to each stroke; look every art work from different angles and distance; read as many descriptions/instructions as you can. You'll find yourself in awe.
FREE Admission on First Thurs of the Month!  Sweet!  Regular price $10 adult; $8 seniors/students/military w/ ID, FREE for kids under 5.  Photos allowed on the First Floor only, 2nd Fl not allowed, though I did see a French tourist man taking a bunch of pics he didn't get yelled at, so not cool.First Floor - Entrance has what they call gardens.  Small indoor waterfall, a guy was playing a guitar near the fireplace area.  Lots of nice & different tiles on the floor.  Bathrooms down hall, turn Right.  Women's had 3 stalls/2 sinks.2nd Floor - lots of Chinese art from HH Dorie Chang Buddha III.  Calligraphy, sculptures, different styles I've never heard of: chaoshi, xiangtong, etc.  Lots of reading, did about 2 rooms then I got bored, so just read the name of the art.Some other artist too I've never heard of: Jan Hendrik Verheyen; Paul Hermanus; Jean-Jaques Henner; Maurice de Vluminck.They have a Gift Shop.  They have Five Mountains Tea!!  It's a wholesale tea, so very cool you can buy tea at this gift shop!!  five-mountains.comI saw:Virgin Silver BudsHeirloom RubyHeirloom Emerald - 2oz $16Rolled Jasmine Green - 3oz $23 Bergamot BlackCamellia Blossoms -2oz $16Sun Ripened Pu'erPacific Peppermint - 2oz $14Prices $14-23 for 2-3oz bag.  I got a bag of the Camellia Blossoms $16 + $1.36 tax = $17.36.  Charged it.Tea Forte tea trays, some tea cups, tea kettles.Hrs:Tues-Sun 11a-5pm.  Last admission to museum is 4:45pm.
What a wonderful treasure of SF.We wandered into the museum after shopping and being on our urban hike. It was free, so it was a good thing for us.It was whisper quiet, and had some beautiful and unique art.  Specifically, the glass/rock sculptures and the exhibit showing original designs of frames.  While I am not an art affiocionado by any means, this place a diverse range of pieces, and was a nice break in the day.In addition, the museum gift shop was extremely affordable, and had some really beautiful pieces.
Deceptively named museum. Entirely filled with the art of one person, so the art isn't really international. I recommend going literally anywhere else; this museum feels like walking through someone else's vanity project. Instead, go to the Asian Art Museum, Contemporary Jewish Museum, Legion of Honor, DeYoung, or MOMA when it reopens.
This place is extremely interesting, but probably only worth checking out if you go when admission is free.  Most of the artwork is by a one H. H. Dorje Chang Buddha III.  Don't worry if you have never heard of this person, because you're definitely not alone.  A bust of him is displayed prominently at the beginning of the museum proper, and all artwork done by him is accompanied by a plaque that extols the virtues and talents of the artist.  The plaques are worth reading, even if they do become a little obnoxious.  I've been to a number of art museums, such as the de Young and Cantor, but I am no art "aficionado".  I thought most of the art itself was good and worth seeing, but nothing to write home about.  I'll let you do your own research on H. H. Dorje Chang Buddha III, but I think his status as a potential Buddhist cult leader can be largely ignored since nothing in the museum itself tries to indoctrinate you with his teachings.  A far cry from Dianetics, but still a little sketchy.  Go for free, enjoy some interesting art and a nice change of pace along Market Street.  At worst it's a decent way to kill some time.
This is not a "real" museum. Basically just a showcase for one mediocre artist who wants to display his work. However, you will also find some amazing contemporary Chinese art mixed in. Qi Bai Shi insects and leaves are particularly beautiful.And if you are wandering around San Francisco and want a peaceful place to take a break (and to pee) this place is good.Admission is free too, at least it was when I went.
We've passed by this museum near the Tenderloin/6th street many times. It just looks so kitschy from the outside that we never ventured in. Even though it's free. Glad we finally went in! Very impressive art inside. Not a lot of big names but very pretty to look at. And it's huge! Worth your while to go in and explore.
This place is delightfully bizarre.  Most of the art is by a guy named H. H. Dorje Chang Buddha III, who as I understand it is a cult leader.  Accordingly, the first piece you see when walking into the museum is a bust of his head, and each of his pieces is accompanied by a placard extolling his unmatched and unprecedented artistic prowess.  They really want to convince you that the art produced by this man is impossibly and unexplainably fantastic.His works range from the boring (large-scale Chinese calligraphy, abstract sculptures) to the bizarre (holograms of flamingos which the placard incorrectly identifies as phoenixes).  There is a room dedicated to his stone tiles which are painted to look like pieces of jade.  The placards express amazement that human-produced artwork can so accurately mimic real-life stones.  If you're impressed by these tiles, you're in luck-- similar tiles are for sale in the gift shop.They also have a room called the Treasure Room, which is blocked off.  The placard on the outside explains that the room houses yet another impossibly beautiful sculpture by His Holiness. This piece is allegedly the first man-made object to ever accurately depict fog.  I asked down in the gift shop, and I was told that in order to get into this room, you have to schedule a viewing, for a nominal fee of $600.I don't know much about art, but I think some of the pieces here (excluding those created by His Holiness) are actually by legit artists, including Qi Bai Shi.And the first floor of the museum is a fake rain forest, complete with a treehouse and a fireplace.  If you want to kill some time on something truly bizarre and get a couple of laughs, this place is a good bet.
Forget about all the other art museums.I have NEVER been more entertained in my life. We entered on a whim while walking down Market street today and asked the lady at the front desk what it was. She told us it was an international art museum and the theme this year was Asian art, located on the second floor. Expecting something like the Asian art museum, we paid and went up.The placards next to each piece MAKE the museum.  Almost all of the art is created by "his holiness (HH) dorje chang buddha III". The bust of him (one of the few pieces of art NOT by His Holiness) claims that "no one has received more accolades and certificates than HH Dorje Chang Buda III in the last few thousand years of mankind." Hmm.More quotes from placards (each is the length of an essay):* This piece is More natural than nature itself* After evaluation, art experts have unanimously agreed that Yun Sculpture created by HH Dorje Chang Buddha III is the most Marvelous and Astonishing form of art in the history of human civilization* Simply upon viewing the art, one will claim, "Wow! It is super!"I can't remember what others say, but there's a lot of disparaging of other art in comparison to this Buddha guy's work.After spending a few hours wandering around, reading placards and giggling like schoolgirls in the empty gallery, my boyfriend and I looked up this Dorje Chang guy on my phone. He apparently is an Asian Michael Jackson doppleganger who has begun a cult in which he claims to be the reincarnation of the supreme Buddha. In other words, this is a CULT disguised as an art museum. I don't know how much longer this crazy place will exist (how did they afford the property?!) but go NOW before it closes! Oh yeah, and the art is pretty good.
I just threw a large event for roughly 500 people at the Museum.  This is the best venue I have used to date.  The long hallways and multiple rooms created a spectacular setting for our very diverse crowd.  They have a back loading area we were able to use for loading - staging.  They have a great event room where we had music and performers.  This space truly made our event special.The staff,  AMAZING.  Seriously, everyone on the staff was incredibly kind and helpful. What a wonderful crew to work with.  Their rental price was far below what one would expect from such a wonderful establishment.If you are looking to have a high end beautiful event, and you don't have a limitless budget, this is the spot.Note, I do NOT work for this establishment.
Enjoyed the museum.  They don't advertise much here but it's been FREE this month which is great.  You can't complain about that.  The staff here are actually very nice people.  Mostly lots of Asian and Buddhist art here with a splash of European put in. Most people have no clue that this is a museum being in the area that it's in.  Many walk by it unnoticed.   I spoke to the security guard here and they will only keep an eye on you or ask you to leave if they think you're acting crazy or under the influence of illegal drugs since being near the tenderloin and there is a lot of Riff Raff across the street, (this is understandable).  The City is currently doing its best to clean up the area which is a good thing.  Being free for this month of May, it's a gem and definitely worth a look.
This "museum" is weird.  Check it out on a free day.
Beware of the gift shop.  I was enticed by a sign that said the items in one area were on sale for 20% off the prices as marked.  When I purchased a few of those items, I was charged the full marked price rather than 20% off the marked price.  I asked the saleswoman whether the sale had ended and she replied that no, the sale was in effect but the discount was already reflected in the marked prices.  I pointed out that the sale sign said otherwise, and she replied that the sign must have been placed there before the price stickers were put on the items.So although I felt deceived by the sale sign, I figured OK, I guess they just forgot to update the sale sign.  But when I passed by a week later, I noticed that the sale sign hadn't changed, and the same saleswoman was behind the counter.I guess the sign is intended to be deceptive?  I feel taken advantage of.  I should have cancelled my purchase when I originally discovered that the sign wasn't true, so I'm partly to blame.  But this practice should not be permissible by law.Apart from that, the museum was interesting and strange.  It's a nice exhibition space, and I appreciated the free admission.
Super fun find on Market St! It was free to get in, I think she said for this year? which is their 2nd year in existence? A lot of art by the same Buddha III, and it's really interesting to look at and the plaques / explanations next to all the art are fun to read. The building structure is complicated and the space is so clean, especially for SF!  I enjoyed spending time here!
It's extremely difficult to describe this museum and I waffle between thinking it is an earnest, real-life museum and thinking it is a huge joke being perpetrated on the general public by a brilliant, brilliant man. Much of this has been described in other reviews, but the foyer is essentially a giant forest with strange, cartoonish structures and a small brook weaving through it. The staff is very insistent about not being able to take pictures in the museum, even going as far as to say don't even answer your phone or they will take it from you and delete the photos off it.  I'm not sure if that means they will even delete the photos taken elsewhere, but it's best not to take any chances.  The photo policy is a bit of a shame because the stuff inside the museum truly has to be seen to be believed.  There's no possible way words can describe what you'll see in there.  As mentioned, the majority of the art work is from a single artist...who also happens to be the third reincarnation of the Buddha.  The art is really strange, it's also very diverse.  Apparently this guy is as comfortable doing calligraphy and paintings of pandas as he is creating works that look like giant melted chunks of wax or humongous frames with holograms in them. At the end of the day, the actual best part of the museum is reading the descriptions of each piece...which can be quite long and generally end up consisting solely of praise of the artist himself. I love them, they're the best.  The hyperbole is really rich. This is definitely worth a visit.  Bring a sense of humor and maybe try to avoid being sober.
CREEPY!I walked in through the gift shop and was told the museum was through the back door.  I ventured back and before walking the stairs up to the exhibit, I stood and admired some of the architecture and decor of the old building. Before I could even head upstairs, some complete A**HOLE of a security guard starts screaming at me as though I'm some sort of criminal.  I wasn't taking photos. I wasn't climbing behind counters or sneaking around or plotting some grand robbery of Chinese calligraphy.  I was standing still.  Not only did the rage-filled security guard scream at me, he came pounding toward me in an aggressive and frightening manner while STILL screaming at me.  Hey jerk, a simple and pleasant "can I help you?"  or "I'm sorry ma'am, museum rules prohibit standing still" would have been a much better approach. There is much negativity, creepiness and aggression in this odd place they call a "museum".  Who wants to spend their money and time at place where your every move is watched and if you "do bad" an enraged guy yells at you.  Nope. Bye.
First of all, this place is not a museum. It is a personal gallery of some guy who proclaimed himself Buddha (well, Buddha the 3rd, to be precise) and who also reckons himself the world's best artist. There are 5 or 10 pieces of other obscure artists thrown in for the mix, but 95% of the artwork is from just one guy.I was lured to this shameless exhibit by a Facebook invite to the "grand opening". The gaudy, lavishly-decorated but tasteless interior is the first thing you see when you enter. And then, it's on to the galleries upstairs. And OMG. I've never seen such pomposity in my life. Each of the "paintings" is accompanied by a placard with nothing but praise to Buddha III's supreme talent. It's as if the authors realized that by looking at the art itself, one would never realize what a gifted guy he is, so they outdid themselves in making sure you read and understood it. As for the paintings themselves, they ranked from OK to just tacky. I actually did enjoy one or two of them done in traditional Chinese style, but the problem was not even in the quality of artwork. It's the fact that most works were indeed reprinted, with obvious artefacts and pixellation. I'm not an art expert, but I know a digital print when I see one.  That, along with the drastically different styles among the artwork made me doubt whether this guy is even responsible for it. There were many plainclothed "experts" on his art. In fact, I asked a few random (or so I thought) visitors about this "artist", and they all turned out to be huge fans and afficionados of his work... Is this "museum" a front for a cult? Entirely possible, although I wouldn't discount the possibility of a sponsorship from the Chinese government for some or another devious purpose. But if you want to figure it out for yourself, do visit this palace of horrendous Chinese kitsch. Just don't laugh too hard.
I'm gonna sit at the welcome table, sing about it.I'm gonna sit at the welcome table one of these days, hallelujah!Yeah, it's a cult.  I didn't notice the pixels, but I DID notice the anti-docent stalking me through the gallery in silence.  Welcome, stranger.  (YOU ARE NOT WELCOME, STRANGER!)I thought the intentional ugliness of the synthetic grass and concrete WAS the art, but apparently the whole thing is done in earnest... whatev's, I guess oblivious ugliness could be art too.  The deranged, overwrought ESL praise of the artist in the descriptions could definitely count as art.If you're prepared for having someone shadow you through the museum, knock yourself out.  I guess seeing how weird people can be is worth 8 bucks...
I've been several times in the Museum because I found it fascinated. Wasn't enough one visit in order to appreciate all the art they have and read all the explanation of each piece of art which as a very profound spiritual mining.  Some of the pieces are very traditional chineese art; however, it is exceptionally well done.There are sculptures which are very unique, never seen before something like that. When you get it the museum you feel you are in a palace, so big and elegant. Definately it is not the usual museums you have visited before, something that really triggered me to go back.
Love this place. I've been twice - once when it opened and essentially only contained work from H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha #3, and a second time since they've started adding Western Art. The Museum is incredible, you should absolutely go.
A very interesting and elegant gallery.  A mixture of contemporary Chinese sculpture and paintings, some 19th century European paintings, and some older Chinese works.  An eclectic collection that is truly unique.  Also the museum is celebrating its one-year anniversary, so free entry during the month of March!
I am completely in love with this museum. I have never seen something like that before.
Last fall i end up on this end of market for some reason and stumbled upon IAMA. The admission was free that day so why not I love museums.When you walk in you think wow, great forest/garden display, like a painting that has come to life. Wanted to do a photo op, but didn't want to look foolish, in such a serene setting. Much of the exhibit that day was of Asian art by this one guy and something about Buddha #3, with large water color scrolls of scenic  foliage and cliffs, calligraphy, and unusual  looking sculptures (I try to be open minded, but man I do not get it).But we spent most of the time giggling at the production dates.."oh this one looks old...""...1989?...never mind..".we were hoping to see ancient/ antique/ older productions..Bring and open mind and a sense of humor. but warning laughing too much may annoy staff.me: looking at painting "this one has a sparrow in the tree.."Friend: oh yes, i see it...the tree is the spirit..it has a soul.me: what? no...i mean there's a sparrow...in the tree!"friend: oh.There was some European art too.
I had passed by this museum a few times and considered checking it out - I'm certainly glad I finally did! I like to visit museums, so I definitely appreciated the unique mixture of European paintings, old to new Asian art pieces and its experimental contemporary works. What a very interesting, East meets West museum. The staff was really friendly and helpful, and the lobby itself was so unique and beautiful, it drew me inside. Also, admission's free this month - that was a nice touch.
Just an amazing visit!  Can't wait to visit it again.
I was rather pleased when I visited this museum. Lovely garden, many magnificent art pieces done by the HH Dorje Chang Buddha III himself. Most of the painting here were done with Sumi ink, water color, and "Oil." The sculptures were very unique in style and somewhat relaxing.The only problem that I have with this is that most of the paintings are pixelated. You see, if I turn in my work that is pixelated to my professor at school, my professor would give me a 0 on the assignment, and tell me to reprint it. Unfortunately Yelp does not give out 0s, so I'll let you pass with a 2/5 (for great customer service and awesome garden), but please reprint them before the next surprise inspection. ciao.
This appears to be an advertisement for a Buddhist cult's stone tile business, tax-sheltered as a museum of 'International Art'. The dear leader, H. H. Dorje Chang Buddha III, is a more skilled artist than, say Sri Chimoy (but I bet the third buddha couldn't make a neatloaf to save his afterlife), but not skilled enough to have his art in a museum, unless the museum was a tax-sheltered advertisement for a stone tile business.What you will see from the street is a bunch of weird life-size dioramas depicting a tree house over a river. If I had you at 'weird life-size dioramas', read on. I paid zero dollars as part of the grand opening, but promised to take no pictures. No picture could capture the oddities upstairs. There were a number of 'Yun Sculptures', which look variously like rock candy or like the wax on Chianti bottles in cheesy Italian restaurants, or like a fountain made of glue. My nearly two year old wanted me to spin it around. Another child nearby thought it was made of candy.  The calligraphy is comically amateur, I'm afraid. Some of the knock-off Chinese landscapes had interesting compositional flourishes, but were technically mediocre.  The Van Gogh 'Flowers' ripoff was shameful. SPOILER ALERTThe piece de resistance is in the small section of stone picture frames, many of which are empty. A number of them, however, include lenticular renderings inside (those 3-d pictures associated with weird cereal box advertisements in the 80's or fairy tale books--google it if you are unsure). One of them appears to depict a man on a hippo/horse in a swamp. In front of a dude with a mohawk with machine-gun bandolier around his bare chest in a boat with a duck. And he's orange. And all this is kind of three-dimensional behind like some Spanish moss or a swamp scene with stalactites and whatnot. All of this inside a 'mouse fur pattern' stone frame which weighs around 200 pounds and is hanging off of fake wood logs jutting out the wall by a rope.  Now where else can you see something like that? There is no self respecting museum in the world which survives by ticket sales and arts grants that is going to have a piece like this. You have to go to the IAMA./SPOILER ALERTI would not, however, recommend paying more than 3 dollars to go. It's not a large museum, and the yuks just aren't that great.
You'll never see anything else like this.
I went to the opening on Saturday. (side note: I work at Gemart as a Designer and Marketing Manager.) I can't speak to the cult thing. I really don't know (I'm a Christian) and I am just an employee who works to help sell the tiles that the artwork is printed on.You would expect that a museum is a place where you can see a broad spectrum of work but I will say, this museum is not that place. The galleries upstairs are a bit overwhelming but I really enjoyed the artwork!!Honestly some of the pieces are very impressive and some did not appeal to me no different then when I visit other galleries. Some did seem to be prints but, there was no promise that all would be originals in my understanding. THE OLD ASIAN CALLIGRAPHY STYLE WORK I REALLY LIKED!!!I give it 4 stars because the design of the museum is intriguing. The downstairs is like a strange mythical world that would be great to hold events in. The decor is not exactly stream line and not something you would find in the MOMA or a persons home. I try to look at it with an open mind because it is a public space meant to be provocative and unique and for that reason the decor serves it's purpose.Art is open to interpretation and my recommendation is to check it out and comment. Art is suppose to invoke discussion and I HOPE EVERYONE JOINS IN ON THE DISCUSSION BECAUSE WHAT'S GOING ON AT THIS MUSEUM IS DEFINITELY NOT ORDINARY.My last thoughts: the work is odd, unique, sometimes beautiful other times I think huh? Its more of a gallery exhibit and less of a museum But I am glad to have witness it and I will visit again.
if something is made from styrofoam and melted with chemicals and covered in paint, you kinda lose all credibility when you insist that it is carved from solid rock. also, squirt on foam insulation is not petrified tree roots no matter what you may wish. however, this place is kind of like what i imagine a long forgotten wing of michael jackson's neverland ranch must be like, so it does have that going for it. if it had a tilt-a-whirl hidden back in its far recesses, i would give it 2 stars.
more like the international art museum of hyperbole. strange place with lots of placards telling you how amazing the new buddha is. and if you don't believe his artwork will eclipse all beauty on earth like the full moon eclipses the stars then you can look it up in the congressional record! the first thing i witnessed was some employees (docents?) confronting a small group of black people and asking them how they got in to the museum. strange since admission was free. you're not allowed to have a cell phone out and they will run over and remind you of that.my advice: get stoned and come enjoy yourself for a bit.
this place is amazing and gorgeous please check it out when you get a chance it's centrally located and it's very large and interesting it has a lot of unique item's on the second floor also .
pretentious, obnoxious, megalomaniacal, quite funny
I guess there is really no standard for what can be classified as a museum versus a gallery. This place is weird. I finally convince my boyfriend to go with me to a museum and since we walked past this one a lot and saw the lobby with the serene garden and giant tree house he decided he would give it a go. So we walk upstairs and we are greeted by the giant bust of Buddha #3(Dorie Chang or something. We tried to look it up on my phone and the guard flipped out.) So the guard at the front  told us that 90% of the work was by this person. I guess if you are calling yourself the International Art Musuem then shouldn't there be more variety. The other 10% of artwork did not fit into the rest of the aesthetic at all and a few were not very well lit. My favorite piece was a large painting near the front of some dark houses but you could not look at it directly because there was a giant glare from the window. Now the other 90% of the art. Why am I paying $14.00 for my boyfriend and I to look at fake artwork? The 10% I looked at from other artists looked real and had some great textures, layers and depth. The other 90% was cute but it was fake. Look at it closely. You can see the pixels from the laser jet printer. Kinko's should get some credit. There were other pieces that they tried to make look like they had been painted but the direction of the image and the direction of the gloss were criss crossed.Finally, the creepy guard. He followed us everywhere!!!! He would not leave us alone to try to enjoy what we were looking at. Granted, we were the only people there but it was horrible. According to my boyfriend, they were also watching us on cameras because when we would go to the next room someone would radio the guard the say where we were located. My boyfriend finally left because he was furious at his behavior. There was no respect for the patrons. I can totally believe what people are saying about this being the front for a cult. I will stick with the MoMa and the DeYoung and the other wonderful and reputable art museums and galleries in this city.
Odd museum in a bad neighborhood. Initial entrance through a fantastical and tasteless indoor garden was enough to throw us off. Then we saw an exhibit of someone who has achieved enlightenment and whose name is followed by "Buddha III". Though we were told he did not write his own comments on his artwork, they were bombastic to the point of laughable. Better than Monet and Van Gogh? Heavens, NO! This buddha didn't come close! We had just come from a calligraphy exhibit at the Asian Art Museum; this buddha's calligraphy paled by comparison. Of the regular collection, which seemed very sparse, there were only a couple of recognizable names and little of noteworthy quality.  A very disappointing visit on every level. By chance, we went on a day with free entrance. That was good, because if we had paid a fee to get in, we would have really felt ripped off! San Francisco has fine art museums; don't waste your time or money on this one.
