Adorkable!The walls are lined with art, bookshelves, and other intriguing decor.  The drinks are uncommon and in quite a unique little pamphlet.  Who would've known this whole placed is based off of a centurion clock?!They also have small bites and an espresso bar.  This seems like a great place to take a visitor, as the ambiance feels like a mix between the bay area and seattle.  From the eye-catching decor, even into the restrooms, all the way to the delicious drinks.  What more could you ask for?  I could also see this as a nice place to study as it feels like a bit like a museum, in a good way.From the consumers sitting at the large class table supported by some sort of engine, the tea and bites seemed delicious and our drinks were impeccable, never tried draught gin before but I would love to come back for more!
The only plus side here is that the drinks are really good. I have been to the Interval multiple times and the service every one of those times has been horrible. What do I mean by horrible? Sitting at the bar in the middle of the day with only a few patrons and having To wait 5-10 minutes before you receive an acknowledgement or a menu. Taking my drink order multiple times and still not getting it. Having a bartender treat the simple act of asking for a glass for a can of cider (when the other bartender clearly didn't feel it was necessary) as if you asked for their last kidney. Having to sit at the bar or table and feel like you are a major inconvenience to their livelihood. I honestly will no longer recommend this bar to my friend or people asking me for a nice place to grab a drink.
This place is the worst. Most pretentious bartender in all of San Francisco. Also took my bottle of water because apparently outside drinks are forbidden. He eagerly took that from me before I was even able to order a drink. Tried to order for at least 15 minutes before the bartender wanted to notice me. Most people go to a bar to have a good time. If that is what you are looking for, don't come here.
Beautiful setting, beautiful cocktails. I have passed by this place a lot and never came in until reading about the great cocktail menu on some food/drink blog and decided to come check it out for a Friday after work treat.  Arriving around 5 this place wasn't too full yet, the high ceilings and huge windows allow a lot of natural light giving this place a nice modern and relaxing feel.  The bartenders were great, quick to give me a menu and make my cocktails of choice:Whiskey Cocktail ($10) - my go to drink is typically an old fashioned so this drink did not disappoint. The wedge ice cube was a neat concept and the drink kept ice cold while I sipped away (mmm). Oaxacan Old Fashioned ($13) - This drink was a phenomenal mix of two of my favorite things, an old fashioned and mescal.  The nice smokey mescal balanced with the citrus and a little heat from the chile liquor. The menu at Interval at Long Now is creative, different and tons of options for anyones palate. I can't wait to come back and try more.
Found this place while walking to Greens, and couldn't be happier. This place opened up about a year and a half ago, and according to our waiter, is in the top 10 bars in SF to visit. Apparently, bartenders from around the country visit this place to partake of their amazing spirits. Their menu is filled with modern takes on traditional drinks from decades ago. The interior of this place is akin to a, "Mad scientist's man-cave." Even the menu is in handwritten font on grid paper. You have to experience it. I suggest coming around noon when the crowds are not so crazy.
I'm not a huge fan of coffee, but this gem hidden in Fort Mason is one of the coolest coffee shops I've been to.As soon as I walked in the coffee shop, I was immediately impressed with the aesthetics. What's really cool was that it was also a museum. They had a lot of fascinating things here that's worth admiring.They also serve alcohol here! I ordered the cranberry with Douglas fir shrub and it kind of tasted like vinegar. Not necessarily a bad thing, I actually enjoyed it.There's a small lounge in the back that my group and I went to. There, you could see a beautiful view of the Marina and the Golden Gate Bridge.I would love to come back here again and show this place to my friends!
I think this place is going to be something big. The idea is certainly new. At first, my girlfriend and I thought we entered a hipster bar. I think I even left a tip when we initially got there, on Yelp, and said something about the place being hipster.Shortly after we sat down, we noticed  liquor bottles sitting just below the bar's ceiling, they were  labeled by numbers.When we inquired, the bartender explained something about donors, and how their mission was supporting science (something to that effect). The bartenders explained how they held the bottles specially for the donors, and that the spirits are actually developed specifically for the donors. I believe the donors contributed over $1,000, which was the rationale for the special bottle of spirit.The room was filled with notes about the place. There were two stories, the bottom  was accessible to the public, even some very important displays that looked like prototypes. Prototypes? Why are prototypes in a bar? The top was a library that was closed off, I would assume they opened up for donors for special occasions.As we looked around, we began to see robotics in the room. One robot specifically even drew pictures on the chalkboard. There's also a very large clock that appeared to the indicative of the rotation of our planetary systemI gave a second look around and realized that this was a bar that belongs to a company, that was dependent on donors, to better the scientific community.What an innovative idea! Place is involved in a bunch of projects, most very under the radar. But it's open to the public. The public can come in, and get booze, and read all about these innovative ideas. And if they want, they can donate. Bar is good, little pricey. I think it's an interesting new take on what a bar can do. It's sort of like a lounge area to a much broader idea. I also like the idea of it being open to the public, you can drink, have fun, and maybe learn a little bit. And if you are a baller, maybe sponsor or something. It's an interesting way to get the public involved.It was very exciting to visit. I will say that the prices do reflect that excitement, and do reflect their goals. This is not a cheap place by any means. Even the beers are over $10. That being said, it is worth checking out once just to see what's going on.
3.5 StarsProsAmbiance is lovelyA solid array of drink optionsFlavor profiles can be hit or miss depending on your drink choice ConsSeating space is limitedWait time to get in can be long Service is stiff but effective Overall ThoughtsI think if I had lowered my expectations beforehand, I would have a much better experience
Lite bites hit the spot at this cute spot. We enjoyed the pickles and beef jerky. This included a nice selection of turnips, carrots and greens. We all enjoyed some great coffee although you should take note of donating to Long Now to receive a bottle of whiskey, bourbon or gin from St. Germaine (local!!) distillery specifically made for The Interval. The interior decor something to feast your eyes on so take it all in!
unfriendly bartender. Thanks for not providing me a glass for my 9 dollar canned cider. Great effort. Why Jeff bezos hasn't fired you is really beyond me.  The fact that you do this job with such disdain while a million other people would do it with a smile is a total farce.
Um no. This place is a huge letdown!Basically it's some sort of foundation that serves drinks. The decor is not richly done. Basically some bookshelves found in a thrift store with some cheap scientific apparatus. The lights are turned WAY up so there is zero atmosphere. Their "famous"old fashioneds are served in a very short glass with a beautiful but huge chunk of slanted ice which makes your drink maybe two ounces, far below your typical bar standard. You will not feel anything on your brain unless you order two. And they are not cheap. Employees are aloof. I would not call this place hipster. I wish it were hipster. Avoid at all costs unless you are a douchebag! Three stars out of respect because it is a little different.
Cute bar, lots of specialty drinks on the menu!
New levels of San Francisco hipster to be found at The Interval... You may think Fort Mason screams prep boys and Marina girls in leggings, but venture off the beaten path within the Fort Mason complex and you'll find The Interval at Long Now. This coffee shop and cafe (serve beer, snacks, sandwiches) is a great escape from the heavily popular and expensive Marina district standards.I got their pimiento cheese & crackers and a hot coffee. The hot coffee was one of the best I've had, and it came in a wonderful ceramic cup. The baristas were very friendly (I thought) and efficient.-1 star as I did hear the baristas actively talking about customers as I turned away to sit down.... a bit rude.
I adore this place! I definitely found my working cafe in SF. Came here yesterday because my girlfriend said it's a great place to get work done. She was so right! Not only do they have free wi-fi, but the atmosphere is amazing. It's super quiet with nice jazzy background music. We both had almond milk lattes that were delicious, and we also tried the pimento pub cheese. You have to get it!! Side note: this place also serves alcohol later during the day - so it doubles as a bar at night. Definitely a cool spot to check out if you're near the Marina area!
SCORE!I was in Fort Mason for an art gallery event that turned out to be a dud last night, so I walked across the street to walk into Interval. I had no expectations, I just saw an establishment that clearly dispenses adult libations, and that is all I was hunting for.What a pleasant surprise. The space decor is definitely for hipsters - but I don't mind I'm young at heart - with some high and low tables, and a very, very well stocked bar. The place was quite busy, but not crazy and after ordering I was able to actually sit at the bar with just a few minutes' wait (thank you odd couple on clearly your first date for moving onto your dinner part of the date).Bartenders are also hipsters, but friendly and helpful. The menu was the surprise. The well stocked bar was a promising hint of what was to come, but boy, I did not expect the extremely extensive, excruciatingly detailed list of house made, hand crafted cocktails, organized in sections by type (martinis, old fashioneds, etc.). I was blown away. The beer list is also very representative, but I am not much of a beer guy in the winter. Uncharacteristically, I decided for a glass of red wine vs my standard pre-dinner vodka martini up. The only shortcoming of this place is the very short wine list, but it was a temporary disappointment, as I sipped the glass of Gamay, I was in heaven. Very happy with the quality of the vino, I looked at the food menu. It is small bites stuff, like meat jerky, and spreads. I went for the cheese and cracker spreads and it was a very good companion to the wine.Oh, I will be back for those cocktails fah sho!
Cool space, environmentalism meets tech is an interesting albeit possibly conflicting idea. As much as I would like to learn more about the organization running, it seems to be exclusive and perhaps unintentionally limited to a certain "overclass" demographic. That being said I will probably not return but I am interested in hearing about how this project goes.
I always drop by The Interval when I stop over at Off The Grid Fort Mason.  Nice looking bar with a classroom / museum look to it.  It's a good transitional place from stuffing myself silly from the food trucks and then move on into the night into the city.Once cool thing about that it being near Off The Grid, is that they allow you to bring in your food.  Just make sure that you clean up your leftover trash afterwards.Their bar menu is very creative with influences from around the world and they have a whole section with different takes on the Old Fashioned.  My faves from the menu are the Haute Caustic which essentially is coffee and whiskey straight up with a shortbread cookie, the Regent's Draught Punch wish is brandy, rum, citrus, black tea, pineapple and sparkling wine, served over ice with nutmeg, and the  Szarlotka which is ŻubrÓwka and unfiltered apple juice, served tall with a slice of lemon.  Plus, they have a whole section of the menu with low or non-alcoholic drinks for those who prefer not to have alcohol.And they also serve Sightglass Coffee and Samovar Teas here so if you need your caffeine buzz, this is nice place to get some.If you're ever around Fort Mason, I highly recommend stopping by The Interval.  It's a great place to sit back, relax, and enjoy some great drinks for any occasion.
What a cool, funky little place! This bar is inside of a nonprofit organization, The Long Now Foundation, which was established to develop the Clock and Library projects. They strive to make long-term thinking more common, and in the bar, on a bookshelf, is a book of long-term bets that people have made--some of them decades long, some thousands of years! There is a piece of the clock in the bar, and it is a sort of library, with a second floor containing rows of bookshelves, labeled by subject. There are books scattered about the 1st floor bar area, as well as a chalboard with a drawing machine.The drinks are really interesting, and you can purchase crackers with little jars of spread that are reminiscent of those cheese and crackers kits you had as a kid-- all that's missing is a little red stick :)Definitely a fun vibe, cool people, and good drinks- you should pop in if you're in the area!
Party on the outside, nerdy girl on the inside.  An acquaintance recommended this place for its intimate feel and scientific theme.  Great ambience and interesting drink menu.  Tea, coffee and alcoholic beverages.There is a small bites menu of what I would consider food to pair with wine.  Crackers, meat, cheese (I believe).What I love:  -THE EVOLUTION OF TIME -They serve SONG TEA selections in beakers and tumbler glasses.Look around at the Long Now Foundation pieces.Escape here to read a book, to have a first date (or a second) or meet a friend.Very interesting bar that is far away from the crazy SF bar scene.  Tucked away in Fort Mason amongst galleries and Greens Restaurant, you might miss it.Once you are inside, look UP.
Interval is a unique place located in an obscure location filled with studios, galleries and various other businesses. Walking in you can tell that the owners wanted two establishments. One to drink at and one to display art from various people. Well we were super lucky this day. We walked in to find a guy that would program a robotic device holding chalk. He would program the robot to draw designs/objects on a massive chalkboard mounted to the wall. Now THIS is an epic way to drink a few beers. The wife had a few glasses of wine and I had some obscure beer that didn't really deserve a name. We kinda got the B team behind the bar that day because there were no bartenders available. No cocktails were being served and therefore, the reason for 3 stars. When you open a wine/cocktail establishment and don't serve the latter due to no one being there to make them....You kinda failed at planning that. Prices were super steep for garbage beer as well. It was cool, but it isn't something i'll come back to.
Insanely rude staff. I can't believe the service I experienced. The bartender wouldn't take my or my friends order while we were standing right in front of them. Intentionally ignoring individuals seems like bad practice to me.
After hitting up Off the Grid at Fort Mason, our friend brought us here. Beau and I were both ready to head home and collapse in bed, but thank goodness we didn't and agreed to keep the night going. BEST DECISION because it led to our discovery of the Interval. BEST BAR IN SF.Beautiful - classy - innovative. All of it. The Interval is at the cutting edge of cocktail bars. it is so San Francisco it is so hip and it is not annoying. I ordered the Mezcal double shot with tamarind salt and orange slices. AMAZING. I will come here again and impress out of towners, too. There's a small room in the back that's reserved for groups of 4 or more with a view of the docks and the Golden Gate bridge. We hung out there for 3 straight hours and didn't want to leave.Need I say more?
I came here to do some work on a Sunday over coffee and scone; both were delicious! The space is just incredible; high ceilings, great lighting, cozy corners, interesting decor. My only dislike was that they also served cocktails, which means it can get a bit noisy. And the bartenders prioritized people getting drinks at the bar over folks lining up to get coffee or drinks. There were also lots of used cups sitting around the tables, which is unsightly, and no one came to bus them for over an hour. So they have some staffing issues it seems.But otherwise, pretty cool joint! Would come back for cocktails another day.(Wifi was excellent!)
Great little bar tucked away in Fort Mason!  Laidback vibe, good cocktails.  Nice place to meet a date or a couple friends.
The Interval is a VERY unique bar, something that only truly exists in good 'ol San Francisco. The clever science theme is carried throughout.  For example, the menu is a lab book, and food and drink is served in lab glassware.  Museum-like fixtures give patrons interesting things to discover and admire.  We enjoyed the informational mini museum revolving around the messenger pigeon and the 10,000-year clock.  The alcoholic hand-crafted drinks are fabulous. However, when I returned during the daytime with another group, we ordered hot tea.  The hot tea confused me.  It's served in a ceramic mug with a clear glass pitcher of just moist loose leaves, which have already been steeped. Almost all of us had to ask for extra hot water, I'm not sure why it doesn't just come steeping.  Also, the hibiscus tea is VERY sour and pungent compared to the others.  Luckily we ordered three separate teas and ended up blending them so the hibiscus tea could be consumed.  I'll certainly be back for cocktails and to show off the cool museum.  I'll probably hold off on hot tea ;)
This is a great hangout spot! The interval is located in a beautiful museum next door to Greens restaurant. It has a classy decor that mixes library & chemistry lab - take a look at the ceiling with its hanging bottles & clock/timepiece and even more cool things. Fort Mason as a backdrop is an added bonus. Overall, this is one of the most inspiring place to grab a cocktail before dinner or on Friday evenings, the Off the Grid food truck bash at Mason Center. Cool vibe. Love it!
Very cool cocktail bar with a science museum feel. It's not the kind of place you spend the whole evening in, but rather enjoy a drink or two in after dinner. Try their Sazerac.
Arriving early for a dinner at Greens, I popped into the fancy little bar at Long Now -- it was very chic and dark inside, and there were plenty of seats.  The bartender was friendly and graciously made me up an Aviation as requested -- he was happy to talk cocktail recipes and history of ingredients (we both had seen "The Drunken Botanist" book recently).  Nice ambiance and worth the prices.  Definitely NOT a dive bar!
Great bar, lovely ambiance, but the bartender was such a sour bore. She made the BEST Moscow mule I've ever had in my life though, so whatever. Be yourself, lady. I certainly never want to go to San Jose now. Get your drink on here for sure.
Cool cafe that serves coffee, draaaanks, ice cream sandwiches, and some food! The interior is really cool, and it's tucked away in Fort Mason and much smaller than I expected, but I like that about this place! Definitely coming back here with friends visiting from out of town!
This place is fabulous. So much fun!!!  Ask for Tye. He practices alchemy in new and exciting ways!!! I love everything about this bar. Then head next door to Green's. What a winning combination.
We only stopped by to have a coffee so this review is only based on that. The place is really nice thou a bit small.  But that's the only positive thing I can say from our experience. The waiter that served us was quite non-friendly, looked like he was doing us a favor by preparing a coffee to go. The coffee was good but overpriced for the size of it (really small). I feel like I need to give it a second chance, as my opinion is mostly based on one waiters attitude, and after all everyone can have a bad day.
The ambiance caught us. Service was kind of rude though. 9$ for two small coffees, no thanks. But to be honest, the coffee wasn't bad quality. I just like been treated a little bit better if I'm adding a tip on top of the overprice.
Stopped here before attending Dogeaters at Magic Theater. This bar (which actually didn't start as a bar) is the epitome of San Francisco Hipster: craft cocktails, fancy light fixtures, and modern art. I had a vodka drink made with unfiltered apple juice--the way they drink vodka in Poland, according to our bartender. Sounds bad, but it was surprisingly delicious! I'd have to come back and try more drinks to give this place a true rating, but from what I saw and tastes, I'd say this spot is a solid 3.5. 4 for drink tastiness and atmosphere, 3 for the price.
This is the best new bar in San Francisco, hands down, when it comes to cocktails. The beau and I are big fans of Jennifer and her Small Hands drink mixers. She's a bit of a local celebrity, and probably a bigger celebrity in the cocktail world. The drink menu shows.Unfortunately, we arrived at the Interval on Valentine's Day around 4pm. I wanted to go early to avoid crowds. Earlier that day at Fort Mason was a wine event, so there were a bunch of drunk wine snobs in the bar, and they had no idea where they were. Luckily they cleared out after a little bit and we got a seat at the bar and were able o talk to Jennifer.The drink menu is very interesting. They have a whole list of daiquiris. The drink you MUST try is the Navy Strength Gimlet. Trust me. You must get this. Be warned though, that this may ruin all other gimlets or gin drinks going forward. It's that good. All of the cocktails are delicious though and they have some small snacks if you're hungry.The Interval is right in Fort Mason which is pretty far from everything and it shuts down early at night. However, it's a great place to visit and I recommend going out of your way for this gem.
Came here on a Thursday after a meal at nearby Greens.  This place serves different types of crafted drinks that are pretty good, but what struck me the most outside of the decor was the low price tag (relative to SF swanky cocktail lounges).  A pretty good deal for the quality of drink and the effort put in.  The ambiance was nice and the place is a bit of a hipster haven.  I typically don't go out of my way to go to bars so I can't say I would make a night out of coming here, but I recommend coming here if in the neighborhood.
A beautiful mellow cafe bar down by the water in the Fort Mason stretch near where they have the SF Renegade and other art and design shows. This little two story room used to just be the office and museum of the Long Now Foundation, but they opened as a cocktail bar with delicious artisanal snacks and coffee and wine downstairs in order to bring more people into contact with their ideas. For me, getting to meet one of the fellows of the Long Now Foundation and talk about the 10 000 clock, the library, the rosetta glass with all its languages, to see their collection of the original Whole Earth Catalogues and Brian Eno's beautiful original video art installation above the bar was a true pleasure - I love ideas that operate at this intersection of art, philosophy and technology. I love that people are working on a clock designed to stretch our frantic narrow ticking idea of time. I really appreciated the book they slipped into my happy hands as well, super kind and I'm very much enjoying it. I also loved the cocktails I drank here. I loved the hand-written wildly detailed book of libations, and the ones we tried were balanced, strong, and totally unique. I hadn't explored this area of SF by the marina much before and it was such a pleasure to discover.
I've been here both for date night drinks (pre-improv show across the street) and a quiet afternoon latte with a friend, and The Interval does a great job at creating the right atmosphere for each occasion. This is not the stereotypical Marina crowd but instead more relaxed (and probably slightly older). The drink list is unique (I had the "Decanted Mother-in-Law" served in an unusual apothecary bottle) and it's worth it just to come to observe all the science/art museum decor.
DOPENESSThis place is amazing. One of the few places where all of the reviews are 100% on the money. Definitely one of the better hidden gems in San Francisco and a place that should be much more talked about in conversations about the best bars in San Francisco. Great drinks --  highly recommend the Moscow Mule especially. Seriously potent, and served in a fresh copper glass that's also fun to drink. I also thought it was cool how they restricted the number of people who could enter the bar at one time. Obviously sucks if you come later in the evening, but those who make it in early are able to enjoy a laid-back, relaxed atmosphere that's hard to find anywhere else in the city, especially on a Friday Night. As much as I like to rage, it's nice to find a place in San Francisco that's not just for the young and rowdy crowd. For example, the dude next to me was reading a book at the bar. On a Friday Night. Hipster paradise meets happy hour heaven? God Bless San Francisco.
I feel like I'm transported to another era walking into here... Such cool artifacts of all sorts, and curious historic modern design.  I like coming here for meetings (aka happy hour) with curious colleagues working on curious things.  (And the happy hour snacks are quite tasty as well.)
This is EXACTLY my kind of place- they serve well selected small batch wines, coffees and teas, snacks (pimento cheese! Haven't tried it yet), and the bartenders are both sweet and knowledgeable.  There's also all kinds of stuff around the place to nerd out on - just see the photos of the celestial clock and the chalkboard. It's not busy on a Sunday night. They have wifi. I am totally hooked. Their house special red is excellent- a 2002! Read the label on the bottle it tells the story of the idea behind "the long now". I love a purpose!
Home to the fascinating Long Now Foundation, here you will see portions of the 10,000 year clock that they are designing to install deep within a mountain in Texas. As you walk in you'll see the massive orrery displaying the planets of our solar system. The walls are lined with books that are becoming part of a library representing our civilization. There are also mentions of other projects in display cases and on the walks, including Rosetta Disc, and the effort to bring back the woolly mammoth.There are frequent intellectual gatherings here, presentations and lectures.Stop in for a single malt, leave with a 10,000 year perspective!
I know the drinks are artisanal and the place has a museum vibe but it was sort of a let down. There's a 'bouncer' so that the place doesn't over crowd but it was pretty much over crowded when I went in. The bartenders were focused on the people sitting at the bar and it took some time to get a drink. There was only one table that had a view of the water. BUMMER. I thought it was going to be more open space but there was very little sitting room. Sad. The drinks themselves are lackluster and i didn't think it was notable in any way. Also, the chalkboard thing wasn't working. Sad times.
Really, really great cocktails in this postmodern speakeasy meets museum meets time traveler's hideout.Grab cocktails paired with great stories, all amongst a kind of hidden gem, marina-side ambiance.  Great place to catch up over conversation (open late!) or catch up on reading/ writing.
Amazing for a drink of any kind from coffee to cocktails! Every detail from lights to art has been throughly thought through. There is a one of a kind aesthetic, which blends tech, industrial, and art together. Each drink is well crafted from unique brewing vessels, to glassware, to the tools used to add ice to a drink.
Very unique and interesting place for a cocktail. Can't wait to bring friends as I would've probably never found it if it wasn't for an article I read.
Once upon a time a cardigan-wearing, bow-tied hipster with thick rimmed glasses was strolling along the water front with sock-less, leather boat shoes, musing muse-ful thoughts when out of the swirling mist a swashbuckling ship captain with an anchor tattoo, wielding a spy glass and sextant leaped in front of the gently startled hipster. They bonded over their love for books, coffee, craft cocktails and slanted ice cubes. Boom, The Interval.
What a great find while wrapping up Off the Grid: Fort Mason last Friday!I love old books, libraries, science labs, beakers, etc. I'm no brainiac by any means, but I appreciate the aesthetics of educational tools and I enjoy a good book or experiment from time to time. Gotta keep that imagination alive! The ambiance at The Interval at Long Now appeals to that part of me. And then add drinking to the mix?! I'm a super happy girl!Decanted mother-in-law ($11): bourbon, curacao, maraschino, amer, angostura and peychaud's bitters, served in an apothecary bottleRegent's draught punch ($10): brandy, rum, citrus, black tea, pineapple and sparkling wine, served over ice with nutmegThe cool thing about the menu is they tell you the history of the drink as well. I got the Decanted mother-in-law in law since I was looking for something fun and boozy. Fellow yelper Rodney H got the Regent's draught punch which was lighter and refreshing. There's a really cute saying on the menu for describing the punch: "One of sour, two of sweet, three of strong and four of weak." Perfect way to describe this cocktail! I'm so glad I stumbled upon this place! Will definitely end my night here again after OtG: FM!
This could be the hipster capitol of the world.  It was early on a Friday evening and I couldn't understand why there was a bouncer at the door.  Then I noticed he was checking people for skinny jeans, thick rimmed glasses, and facial hair!  Zoinks!  Somehow I passed inspection despite not wearing a hoodie.  Anyway...This place is pretty cool!  They do some innovative stuff with glassware and ice that I've never seen before.  They freeze the water in the glass at an angle to make these cool ice cube in their drinks.  It makes the ice last longer.  I'm all about getting the most out of my ice.The decor was really different.  There's a funky old solar clock, a painting that changes images and cool batstools.  It has a little of a Steam Punk feel to it.  There's a good view too!Why only 4 stars?  Well, it's a little pricey for me.  I paid $10.00 for a beer.  No kidding!  It was a fancy beer, I admit but come on...  It's beer!
Just discovered this really neat bar/coffee shop in Fort Mason! Since not too many people venture into Fort Mason for a bar, I'm guessing this place is a bit of a secret. It's right next to Green's restaurant (also really wonderful) and is jus so super cool!What makes it cool? Mostly the space and decor. When you walk in the door, you're greeted by a massive model of the solar system, with all the planets and their trajectories. The walls are lined with books, which also adds to the "intellectual" feel. The tables and chairs also have this "mechanical" look which fit in with the overall atmosphere and theme. The cocktail menu looked great, but as it was afternoon on a Sunday, I decided to abstain. Ben ordered a sour beer and enjoyed it though. There were also several people hanging out with their laptops doing work, so it's hard to say whether this place is more bar or more coffee shop. I guess it just depends on the time of day. I would like to come back here later at night for a few drinks, but chances that I end up in Fort Mason at that hour are slim. We shall see.
The Interval is tucked away inside Fort Mason and I must say it's an interesting place.  It's a cross between a bar and a cafe and I think I like that.  It's not necessarily a place to go in the evening but when you want a quick drink after work, The Interval really shines.The decor is fantastic.  There are bookshelves, an interesting chalkboard etching machine, and mini bar-style seating around an old solar system rotation machine...thing.  The place is a tad on the small side but I'd say because it's kind of hidden, it didn't get too packed.  In terms of the service they bartenders were pretty darn knowledgeable and you can definitely chat them up and pick their brain about different drinks.  I didn't get much in the way of cocktails but the Hacker Club was pretty decent.  The way they do their slanted ice in their old fashioned glasses is pretty neat too.Pours of note for me would be the St George Single Malt Lot 14 (it was partially hidden behind a Laphroaig), and the St George Apple Brandy which is fantastic.Pretty hipster-y but they deliver where it counts so that's definitely fine by me.
Really awesome place overall. First, the atmosphere is really relaxed and low-key, in a great way. Geek chic. Really cool library-meets-timex quasi steam-punk smithsonian feel.Second, the barkeep was awesome. Really knowledgeable, friendly, and helped us pick just the right drinks from an extensive extensive menu. Finally, the drinks.. Had several.. All on point. Can't wait to go back and try more.. Menu is arranged by spirit and locale, written in a boho font. Definitely recommend.
It took me almost two years of living in the area to even know this bar was hidden in fort mason. The bartender says they get quite busy during Off the Grid, but it was relatively empty when we went on a Saturday evening. The Navy Gimlet was great! They have some light bites as well. I saw some people at one table playing scrabble and a lady at a different table knitting... Not something I'm used to seeing in a bar. Cool decor with glass "bulbs" of homemade liquor hanging from the ceiling.
When I had a conference at Fort Mason I made sure to sneak out early to finally have a drink at The Interval. Unfortunately a lot of other attendees had the same idea - except coffee and tea instead of a cocktail - and I didn't get much of a chance to check out the space. But I was glad that 4:45pm is not too early to get a cocktail from the extensive list at the bar. I'd heard that their gin cocktails were good so ended up getting the JP Martini made with aged genever - just the thing for an abnormally warm day. The bartender really knew his stuff. Some friends showed up coincidentally and put in requests for drinks based on a specific spirit and they were well thought out and tasted excellent.
Super cool interior and delicious espresso drinks. I like to grab the back booth (although it should be shared, so bring a few friends with you). If you can't find a cafe spot late at night, this is a sure bet - it's open until midnight every night. SF could learn a few things from this place.
Clocked out.In progress: longnow.org/clockImbibed: Excellent Whiskey Cocktail while marveling at the prototype on display at this cool Fort Mason space. Art, books and other curiosities abound. So does a friendly, welcoming staff.Price was right at $10. Balance was perfect between the liquor, syrup, bitters and orange zest. Time well spent.
A very cool setting and some nice cocktails. There is a lot going on here visually. There are machine-like sculptures all around that give the impression of an old physics laboratory or aircraft engine research facility. There is also a library above the bar. But all of that would just be strange if not backed up with some interesting cocktail choices and solid bar-keeping skill.
It lives up to its name; it has slow service. Long intervals of non-service. Nothing about this place makes any fiscal or business sense. Two bartender/baristas who scowl at the idea of taking another order, too many people, and a space that is far more opulent than its underwhelming staff. I empathize with baristas. Like other service jobs, it's thankless. I put the blame here squarely on management, who invested too much in decor and too little in staff and service. The drinks were underwhelming for the wait and average among your run of the mill dropouts-turned-holier-than-thou-spectacled-hipster coffee brewers. There was a bouncer for this place -- if only to complete the circle of unpleasantness from beginning to end. I recommend this place to those who also have high misanthropy but chose a career in servicing other humans.
This place is hidden deep in fort mason. Literally. It was not until my second time looking for this spot until I finally found it. The banner outside can be easily missed, considering all the buildings in fort mason look pretty darn the same. Despite this, I was stoked to finally give this place a visit. Let me break it down real quick for ya:VIBE: this is definitely a hit or miss when it comes to the atmosphere. I would not consider this place to be a strong study spot for there aren't that many tables (one long one by the entrance and I assume a few in the back--though I did not check out the back of the cafe because it looked very closed off). There is also a lounge seating area that can get pretty loud when people come to socialize. Bottom line, come if you're down for moderate focus time or looking to catch up with your peers.DECOR: I found myself easily distracted by everything in this cafe. From the seats, tables, walls, staircase, and even the darn bathroom! YES the bathroom. Check out the door under the rainbow sign. I kid you not, I felt like I was in some time machine. COFFEE: I got a standard ice coffee...can't really be a miss. It was on the pricer side for a smaller than average size, and it wasn't as strong as I would have liked. OH! They even serve alcohol beverages for all you late Friday night goers.Overall, I'll for sure be back here...perhaps for a warm drink after a meal at Off The Grid :)
This is such a COOL place. I am a HUGE Brian Eno fan to begin with but aside from that what a concept!!! There is a 10,000 year clock, artwork by Brian Eno the Orrery which is a planetary display, a chime generator and a library. All this and coffee & drinks too!!! The drink menu is also very unique in that it is historical and divided by type. I had a Martinez martini  very tasty. I will be back on my next visit out to SF!!!!
The staff was rude and conceited. I don't know why but I was ignored for several rounds of drinks when sitting at the bar- it wasn't that crowded and the staff was just flirting with each other behind the bar. They kept taking a few people ahead of me who just walked up. When I said, "Excuse me, I don't mean to be rude, I was sitting here before this person walked up", they told me "This is not a first come first serve type of place". I walked out. Plenty of other places I can spend $12 for a drink.
This place is magical.It's a non-profit that serves beautiful cocktails designed by Jennifer Colliau in addition to phenomenal Sightglass coffee and blissful Samovar tea. This unique space also offers a delicious array of gourmet lite bar bites, which can be enjoyed, while marveling at Brian Eno's innovative ambient painting, which hangs prominently behind the bar, illuminating their exceptional staff.The interior of this hidden gem is filled with gorgeous historical books and alluring artistic 'mechanical' themed furniture. The Interval hosts a variety of events, and can be rented out for private gatherings.  It's one of my new favorite spots to explore whenever I'm in the Fort Mason area.Trust.
A beautiful space in Fort Mason with an orrery and bookshelves, lots of nooks and crannies. I have been a long-time supporter of the Long Now Foundation, so the cause and atmosphere are spot on.The cocktails are famous, but tend to run floral, sweet, and a little wet if you have modern tastes. They are right on the edge of palette-numbing sugar bomb, with any sour or savory notes basically absent. The bartenders are dedicated, pretty young things. Like at so many cocktail "programs" in SF however, the mixologists at The Interval are also way too opinionated if you want something specific, like an actual (2:1) martini.Like all the boomy performance and fair spaces in Fort Mason, The Interval's plumbing is a trainwreck. The single, exhausted stall can give the place a septic smell every time the door opens. Pairs well with cocktails, this does not.
New epic bar located next to the gorgeous Marina green in Fort Mason. Of special note was their improved Calvados cocktail--a rarity on almost every menu in the United States, but this one, with it's French Normandy Calvados, Bénédictine, green Chartreuse and various bitters is mixed perfectly--with the help of a thermometer, I might add!!! Woah--even Harry Craddock would be impressed! Extra props for the most epic ice experience in the city, there's no real way to explain it, just check out my pic. There are more than one hundred of globes of whiskey hanging above the bar area--apparently one can be yours if you join the Bottle Club. There is art everywhere, on the walls, in the tables, on the floor; all is very eclectic and pleasing and there's really no way you'll have a bad time here. It's a tad pricey (hey, what isn't these days) but the experience is well worth it. Congrats folks!
Part science exhibit, part brightly-lit speakeasy, Interval is a great place to grab a drink away from the typical Marina crowd. Strong cocktails and a interesting menu make Interval one of my favorite spots, and somewhat frequent talks put on my the Long  Now Foundation make this a nerd-date spot than rivals Nightlife at the Academy. You won't forget to check out the 10,000 year clock, but be sure to notice the lightbulbs, chalkboard, and pictures behind the bar -- all which will keep you mystified and leaving you trying to figure out how to make ice like they use at your own home.
This place is:Style, taste, and destined to be great. Love everything about this place except it's a bit far away from me. If you enjoy unique boutiques, this is the one. Cheers everybody.
My wife and I stopped in for drinks last Saturday before heading across the street to watch BATS. I enjoyed my drinks there. I didn't catch my bartenders name, however he knew what we had in mind; get drunk before showtime!We stared off with the whiskey cocktail, which was great! It was served up in a highball glass, with the ice frozen at an angle. It was pretty cool when served up. We then moved onto the daiquiri #2, and #3. I enjoyed the #2, while my wife downed the #3. Both were delicious, but if I had to choose, #2 was the winner.If I'm ever in the area again, I would go back in a minute!
Discovered this great location by a direct mailer from the business offering 10% off my bill. What a cool spot. They have great snacks, coffee, and most importantly delicious handcrafted cocktails. I only tried the original old fashioned but it was absolutely delicious. They serve the old fashioned in a small tumbler glass that has the ice frozen into it at a 45° angle which makes for a great tasting experience. (see the photo below)If you are in the neighborhood or looking for a place to have a drink before going to Greens next door, you need to try this hidden gem.
This is a great spot for an after dinner drink and dessert. Aside from unique case cocktails, they have three types of ice cream sandwiches. The decor here is very unique, part library part laboratory and it doesn't get loud. I'll certainly be back.
What a hidden gem! Stumbled upon this cocktail bar after the Farmers Market in Fort Mason. Interior design is amazing - like walking into an old apothecary. T had a spicy Bloody Mary & I had the Peach Blow Fizz. Loved both cocktails, will definitely be coming back for the ice cream sandwich sometime! So excited to have this in my backyard
Very "nerdy" and hipsters space that offers very good drinks and an incredible view of the marina
Ok so this is a non-profit coffee shop/bar with artwork by Eno and others hanging behind the bar and friendly servers.  I wish there was more than one small booth with a view of the bay but totally I'm a fan of what's happening here.  Take time to look at all the artwork and installations because they are as fantastic as the food and drink here.
I was sitting at the glass table 15 feet away from the bar when a blast of water hit my face and my smartphone. The same blast of water hit the chalk board. I told the bartender and apparently the device that cleans glasses occasionally malfunctions and shoots water in random directions. He briefly apologized and then went back to making drinks. Another guest told me he has seen that happen before. That's definitely a bug, not a feature.
What a funky, hip spot and perfect for a drink before a show or after Off the Grid. Really nice cocktails, laid back service.
After shopping at SFMAde and SF Bazaar nearby, we stopped in here for a drink and to figure out the rest of the evening.Beautiful space, and interesting story. It's not only a bar, but a café, museum, and home of the Long Now Foundation.They are truly crowdfunded, and the more I am  reading about them, the more uniquely fascinating the concept is.As for the drinks; expertly crafted by friendly knowledgeable bartenders. The menu is fairly large, with lots of info and stories explaining the naming of their drinks, (the why and the who). The variety of regular drinks, lighter alcohol, and non alcoholic beverages is pretty vast.Fortunately, it's divided well, and makes it easier to order and then go back and read about it.This could be a somewhat challenging location, as Fort Mason doesn't get the kind of foot traffic many bars do. Although, given it's totally individual feel, it seems fitting you'd have to go off the beaten path to find it.
My husband and I went to The Interval this past Saturday for the first time. We only live 5 minutes away. They seemed quite busy - people had spilled over from The Sherman Elementary silent auction event. Despite being busy, we were able to find standing room right at the bar. We waited for 10 minutes then left. There's no doubt the bartenders were busy and working hard, but at least acknowledge the customers that are patiently waiting. Nor sure if the bartenders are understaffed or undertrained. You need to be able to handle a crowd, make more than one drink at a time, and smile. I'm tired of all the stuffy attitudes.The decor has an industrial feel yet comfortable with the stacked bookcases and wooden accents.The menu looks creative and fun - would have loved to have had a drink.
I strolled in completely accidentally this afternoon  while walking along the piers and Fort Mason. The decor and artwork is extremely cool with the Ambient Painting by Brian Eno sitting behind the bar as a definite highlight. The bar staff were super friendly and the Tom Collins and Draught Gin and Tonic were both pretty fantastic. Kind of wish it wasn't so out of the way from where I'm staying!
Never knew this place existed but now that I do, I'll definitely be back. We had tea and the mushroom pate and enjoyed watching the bartenders work their magic as they explained some of the drinks. Unique atmosphere, really great vibe, and friendly bartenders who make drinks that gave their own histories listed in the menu. You can purchase the rights to a glass orb that hangs on the ceiling filled with specially crafted whiskey, vodka, or gun from across the Bay and they will prepare a drink for you with your designated alcohol whenever you visit. Small closed off room in the back for parties of 3-8. I'd recommend leaving the children at home.
This is my favorite bar in SF. It's off the beaten path so it doesn't get too crowded. I don't think too many people know about it yet but it's in the Fort Mason building A. They have really good craft cocktails. My favorite so far is the Tom Collins on draft.
Love this cool&hip cafe that also happened to be a very solid bar: good drinks of any kind, great atmosphere, friendly staff. Not the fastest service of all, but it's a part of the vibe.Interesting, intellectually stimulating events/speakers.Wish it was a lil bigger/had more spots
