I recently went to The Beat Museum & loved the couple hours spent here! I'm a graduate of the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics at Naropa University in Boulder, CO co-founded by Allen Ginsberg & Anne Waldman. I love the Beat Writers. "On the Road" by Jack Kerouac inspired Bob Dylan, Jim Morrison, David Bowie, myself, & countless others. I did my BA thesis on William S. Burroughs approach to writing from cut up techniques, dream entries, & drug experimentation. If you love the work of Beat Writers or if you don't know much about them or are just getting into their work The Beat Museum is still a great place to start. There is lots of memorable, the museum does a great job explaining key events in the movement, there are heaps of books if you something sparked your curiosity you can purchase it after for the road, & there are theater seats showing film clips with honor payment system for snacks or drinks available on hand.There was so much that I loved yet I thought it was very cool that someone donated an original car used in "On the Road" from the same era of the classic novel. It is showcased in the museum. Seeing it in person will give you a sense of what Neal & Jack drove in that era which is pretty amazing.There is also the referee jersey that Neal Cassady drove when he was the head driver of Ken Kesey's hippy Further Bus. The jersey is on display & was on loan by Neal Cassady's son John Allen Cassady who is named after Jack Kerouac & Allen Ginsberg! The Beat generation's core group was connected to every alternative movement from the 1950s to the 1990s. From the Beat movement to Hippy Flower Power to the Punk Movement & Grunge.There is lots of history & legacy of the Beat Generation alive in North Beach so after checking out the Beat Museum be sure to head over to City Lights Bookstore!
I used to wonder, what the "hell does a bunch of dudes sitting around and drinking "tea" contemplating about morality for?" Until i found this store...LMAO. "The first sip [of tea] is joy, the second is gladness, the third is serenity, the fourth is madness, the fifth is ecstasy." The Dharma BumsI always struggle to park along the street; if you have a stick...forget about it. One of the two things i care about this noisome part of town is the Beat Museum and the other is the Lefties store.  They have all sort of hipster stuffs: 1940s Playboys, YMCA junk, Old buttons, broken records...whatever whatever...Do what you do here, i dont judge. If you come to the museum and you haven't meet the Beatnik's King...then "You don't know JACK!"The things SF makes me fall in love with it obscenity again, every time, are the scenery and the people. After all, it is home.
If you've ever wanted to see Alan Ginsberg naked, this is the museum for you!You can get through and read everything pretty quickly, as the museum isn't very big. However, if you've stopped by City Lights Bookstore beforehand, the museum offers period-appropriate furniture to hang out on and read. Definitely worth your time if you're interested in Kerouac, Ginsberg, or the Beat movement in general. If you're not already interested though, I doubt this museum will do much to sway you.
Definitely wanted to hit this museum up. It was a walk from the Cable Car museum. I learned quite a bit from the Beat literary movement and the Beat generation poets. It was during the 1960s counterculture so all the hipster, free love, drugs, etc. was present. The museum consists of a memorabilia gift store and a museum which was $10 for students. Guy who was in charge of the place was very friendly helping me out with directions. Since I was the only one doing the museum tour at the time, it was actually pretty creepy on the second floor. Creaking floors and very profound pieces by all the Beat-generation writers. It was very ominous - you had to be there to relate. Haha amid all the art, science, history museums, these kind of museums focusing on literature, poetry, and cable cars are worth seeing too! Not too big so you can take your time and really get your money's worth and who knows?? You are bound to learn something new!! Like MoAD, I'm not sure if the material is kid friendly....and broadway seems to have strip clubs and other stuff more adult oriented. But if you're kinda this period, you'll find the collection very intriguing.
2 week late review. I loved this place. Best part is that they encourage visitors to take pictures. Other museums need to get off their high horses and let people take photographic memories damn. It's 2 floors of beat history and the best part is you can walk the same streets and see  (almost all) the same things these literary pioneers saw when you walk out the door. This is the second museum I've visited that I've really gotten to enjoy. You can take as long as you want without someone breathing down your neck making sure you don't take a picture. My favorite floor was the upstairs one. Very cool to see Allen Ginsberg's organ and the annotated copy of "Howl". Definitely good place to check out about the history of this part of the city. TL; DR ? : It's very cool, check it out.
I'm tempted to only give four stars, because there's nothing that amazing here, other than Neal Cassady's referee shirt from the Further drive and a '49 Plymouth like the guys drove in On the Road. Still, it's $8 well spent if you don't know that much about the Beats, or why City Lights across the street is so important to American Literature (and for that matter, to America, period).It's a good way to prep for City Lights, and the museum bookstore downstairs actually had a few Beat books that City Lights did not (better Bukowski and Di Prima selections), plus some records and other fun, funky stuff. It's also nice that they have a section on women Beats, who often get short shrift when the movement is discussed, which is unfortunate.And unfortunately, some bonehead in an office upstairs had CNN or some news channel blasting, which was frustratingly distracting. But maybe that was to simulate Neal Cassady yakking in your ear the whole time while you are driving across the country.
Interesting museum filled with tonnes of information about jack kerorac and other influential writers of the time. Mainly focuses on the writers of the time in San francisco and not really on beatnik in other places. Very "home made" and "amateur" museum but has some interesting artefacts. Definitely go to the city lights bookstore and versuvio cafe across the road to continue your travels through history.
*walking down Broadway**sees cool-looking storefront**enters*Me: Wow this place is cool. I can't believe I've never noticed it before. Guy behind counter: *staring at laptop*Well, how often do you get away from your computer?Me: *turns head sideways to better examine condescending asshole literally using his computer while speaking that sentence* ......Dafuq?--------Anyway, I'm sure this place is lovely but what in the actual fuck would possess you to talk to a guest that way?  Neat shop/museum. Minus one star for the proprietor's bizarre investigation of my computer usage.
Punks/anarchists should stop by and check out the grandparents of many important political movements, the real subversives that sowed the seeds for the whole SF alternative scene. A must when visiting the nearby City Lights, and the staff sure knows their history...
It's a little silly and there's not an enormous amount of material, but it wasn't a huge time investment and it was definitely worth the price of admission.
Solidly meh. Not a waste of your time, but the collection of items doesn't exactly feel like it constitutes a museum. It was too loud to really hear the movie. And there's nothing interactive, just a bunch of relics. I think it would be 4 stars if there was more to listen to, more space to sit and read, or more creativity in finding a way of making it interactive. As it is, it's a nice place to walk through, feel immersed in Beat stuff, and think about that era and what the writing means to you.
I didn't even know there was such a thing as the Beat Museum until coming across its name on the local library's Discover & Go program. There's quite a bit of history packed into this smaller museum along with important political movements. Basically, this is a museum and small bookstore and music/record shop all in one!
It's hard to know how to review this place.  My girlfriend and I had a good time there, we found matching issues of Playboys from our respective birth month/years, the staff was very friendly and accommodating, and it's nice to have a little outpost of culture in between all the titty bars.  But it's (understandably) really Kerouac-heavy, it's not as intellectually satisfying as a trip to City Lights, you can't get booze there like you can at Vesuvio, and...well, I mean, how to put this?  The whole idea of a museum strikes me as sort of against the very ethos of the beatniks.  Burroughs in particular probably would have had some things to say about being thus enshrined, and he might have said them with a shotgun.  But, again, we had a good visit; it's a decent way to pass the time if you don't think about it too hard.  That's my problem.  I always think about it too hard.
I'll be honest. I wasn't even aware there was a beat museum. My girlfriend and I had explored the neighborhood and were waiting for an Uber when we came across this place. We cancelled our ride and took a walk around and the place is awesome. Part museum, part book/music thrift store, this place has tons to check out. Even if you aren't into the beat literature, the history this place offer is impressive. Don't sleep on it and be sure to check it out.
Dog friendly!We were wandering past on a Saturday morning and noticed the books outside for sale. Then we noticed there was an old bathtub inside filled with more books for sale. Not sure if they were dog friendly or not, I just kind of stared inside at the books like an idiot until the man said, "C'mon inside! Bring the dogs."Hell ya..who's passing that up?  The man turned out to be Jerry Cimino, founder of the Beat Museum! He was such a delight regaling us with background stories about the filming of the upcoming On the Road movie (BTW - he said the movie was very accurate). He even showed me a photo on his iPhone of him and Kristen Stewart at the SkyWalker Ranch party.Afterward, he let me take my two little poodles into the museum. They liked sniffing the strange spots on the carpet. I enjoyed learning more about the beat writers.
Genuine at its best~
This Museum surprised me a lot.Trying my best to be cool during university I read the required 'hipster' novels of Kerouac and Burroughs and yes I thoroughly enjoyed them.Obviously being a small museum most of the artefacts are copies or staged but being in San Francisco I couldn't help but read every poster and sit in the old chair upstairs and romanticize about another time.The guy who was working there was well informed and passionate (if a little arrogant) but he was full of advice about visiting historical places and also recommended the amazing bar Vesuvio.I bought lots of poetry books in the gift shop downstairs and some posters about oppression and the next day I dressed in black and told myself I would have been one of the beatniks too.
the beat museum is a combo museum remembering the beat generation of jack kerouac at al. and a bookstore featuring controversial books. .never noticed it before.  was it here all this time that Carol Doda was doing her acrobatics literally next door?barely was touched by the beat generation.  the Vietnam War was more pressing.  since my draft number was 12. went to grad school studying polisci. stayed there till the war ended.....
Ryan gave my friend Ron and I a two hour tour of the Beat area. The Museum is very nice, but the tour is "off the hook."He showed up an underground tunnell at the local art and crafts store, since he does tours of the "Barbary Coast" as well. The tunnel was used for girls and beer.We show the "City Lights" bookstore and he showed up hipe places visited by the Beat poets and John Steinbeck.He showed us the location of the Purple Onion and original Hungry I.They sell old records, books, and Playboy magazines.Fantastic time. Ron and I went to the local bar over looking the mural in the alleypainted on the wall of the "City Lights" bookstore. A photographer was taking pictures of the model while we mellowed out on our drinks.At the "poets corner" you can look up to the Coit Tower and the steps leading up to top of the hill. The sun was out and a slight breeze. The bars, store fronts with art and art stores added to the fascinating tour.Sit back after two hours of walking and talking in the Musuems movie theater and watch the "On the Road" film.  It was nice to rest in the dark cool theater. My feet were pretty tired.The Hungry I is next door and a nice cold beer, a floor show with a beautiful women in a bikini and a lap dance with a beautiful black girl in the booth after the tour was a nice ending for a great day.
I got to check out The Beat Museum 1/21/13.  I don't really know much about The Beat writers, never read any of the stuff so it wasn't that interesting to me.Tickets are $8 now; students/seniors $5.  Bathroom: in the back left, Blue Star Door.You can take pics in the museum.  It's a small museum upstairs, takes less than 30 min to see everything.  You can read about Neal Cassidy, Jack Kerouac, Allen Ginsberg.There's a small theater you can watch something - can't remember what I saw.  Good place for a nap.
This is a joke. Museum? More like something my nephew (who's ten) would do in school. Like a wallpaper with random "facts" about Kerouac. A tribute to some idol? And the women are absent, of course. Apparantly the "museum" have had guests wich have asked where all the beat women are. Well, the "museums" response to this critique seems to be making a "womens room". A small wall dedicated to a few women that had an impact. When i say a few i mean like six. Half of them described in relation to the great beat men. Kerouacs mother and sister is also mentioned - Kerouacs relation to his mother was like the most important one for keroauc. I mean, come on. All i could see in this exhibition was a man feeling sorry for himself and who had a complicated relationship towards women. If you want to se how women never becomes an integrated part of history, and how gender is reproduced by how we describe women and men - this is a perfect place to go to. But if you want to have a beat museum experience - don't waste your time!!
The Beat Museum in San Francisco (between Chinatown and Coit Tower) was a pretty cool little place for a decent price.  The Beat Museum has a nice collection of artwork, books, and artifacts from the various beat writers and gives a comprehensive view of how they came to be, the movement in literature, the important players and books, etc.  It was a good little history lesson, and if you like these authors, you will absolutely love the place.  I'm not that familiar with them (just in passing really) and found it to be really interesting.   The gift shop is also extensive and has some fun, quirky things.  The guy working when we were there was very friendly and knew his beat history very well.  My only real complaint would be that we were there at 10 when they are listed to open and found a sign that said they'd open at 10ish.  It wound up being about 10:30.  Just a little annoying, but if that happens, go kill time at City Lights bookstore a half block away.  Definitely an off the beaten track (see what I did there?) stop in San Francisco.
Great to see if you're in the area, are already a fan of the Beatniks, and just wanna see some of their old stuff: jackets, desks, photos, etc.. Half-touristy, half-bookstore (literally: you walk through the bookstore, then upstairs is the museum, which has some interesting artifacts but also a lot of posters/boring photos). Very friendly staff in the bookstore portion. The museum is entirely self-guided.Across the street from City Lights Bookstore (which published Allen Ginsberg's HOWL, among other radical books) and The Stinking Rose (which I believe has a photo of Ginsberg dining there??) Down the street are a ton of strip joints.NOTE: I was here 6/14/2011 but wanted to share my photo of the hilarious, Ginsberg-themed emergency exit sign on Yelp, so I thought I'd add a review!
The museum is a bit sparse in terms of artifacts but has lots of interesting information. I learned a lot that I never knew before. The museum area only costs $8 to get into. The guy at the front desk was very friendly and talked to me for a while. Definitely a cool place to check out, if you're interested in history and literature.
Where else but San Francisco would have an entire museum dedicated to the Beat movement? I admittedly knew very little about the Beat movement. The museum is at the back of their bookstore. It includes artwork and news articles about the key people in the beat movement downstairs. In the back there is a movie room if you prefer to learn about the movement that way. Upstairs there is period furniture, books, and movies. I especially appreciated the section about women within the Beat movement.  The staff was extremely helpful and very welcoming.Expect the bookstore and museum to have that grungy beat feel to it. This is not your average museum. It really isn't a place for kids, but for adults it is informative. $8 was a little steep for a museum that consists of two rooms, but I was happy to support the uniqueness of this place.
OK.  So I'm a huge fan of Beat Lit, but I am hesitant to call this place a 'museum'.  It's located in the back of a bookstore.  The two interesting parts of this museum were a video which focused on Jack Kerouac and a display of one of his jackets.  But that was really it.  The installations were constructed from poster board, reminding me of what a high school project would be.  There were also some pieces of furniture from the time of the Beats, but nothing had belonged to any of the prominent figures; which is what you expect when entering a museum dedicated to a specific group.  Also displayed were multiple early editions of their books which is cool but I didn't notice any first editions; and that being said, the same books were displayed across the street at City Lights.  I hope that in the future this museum will be able to acquire actual historic pieces of clothing/furniture/documents to display because having a Beat Museum is a super cool concept, it just really needs to be worked on.
This isn't so much a museum as it is a shrine to Jack Kerouac and his fellow beat writers.  Half of it is basically a bookstore specializing in Kerouac, Ginsberg, Cassidy, et al, and the other half is a collection of beat-related memorabilia and signage.  Probably nothing interesting for those who don't care about these writers, and for experts, there's probably nothing new to be learned.For those of us who are fascinated by the beat writers, but aren't all too familiar with them, this was an interesting little place to visit, even if it's small.  It's only $8, after all, and the guy who runs the place seems to be an avid Kerouac fan.At the very least, with its location across the street from City Lights Bookstore, it will help you appreciate the historical and social significance of that streetcorner, and why the alley between City Lights and Vesuvio was dubbed "Jack Kerouac Alley."
This place is fantastic. The owners are knowledgable and friendly, down to earth people who like talking to their customers. We browsed the front store for awhile, then spent a lot of time in the museum, though it was small. A must for anyone who has any interest in the Beats, or even the Sixties! Lots of cool artifacts and documents.
It's a small museum, but for the price of $5 (for students), I'd say it's worth it. If you're for some reason on the fence about it, and you're really into poetry or just art in general, go for it. Though, I have to say it wasn't what I expected at first (just because it's verrry small). It's also located in the back of a bookstore, so it was nice checking out books afterward and there's also a bathtub of books that go for a dollar or two (couldn't really find one that really fit my taste though lol).  But, the workers are extremely friendly and great with suggestions. Oh! I also liked that there was a little movie theatre in there. Cheap and easy way to catch a film ;-)
Very much enjoyed the walking tour. Shocking to me was the photo of the beautiful law court involved in the Howl legal case which has now become one of the ugliest hotels in the universe!  We enjoyed imagining the Beats at their local drinking holes and music haunts and thank you Ryan for answering all my questions and the extra time you gave us.
If you are a fan of beatnik writers you will want to spend over an hour reading through various exhibits. Saw and read some things that i had not known or seen before... I really enjoyed it!
The Beat Museum was pretty interesting. The guys who work there were really friendly and knowledgeable. They also have a pretty decent collection of books for sale.
The Beat is on. For a kid from north of the border, this was a delightful little treasure trove of discovery. We haven't got this kind of influence back home. No siree. Like a culture vulture circling the remains of a phonetic funk, toying and playing with words, I soaked up the tidbits of what this "museum" was there to portray. The origins of the Beat.If you're not into discovery, nor have no interest in poetry and the power of words, I suggest you move on from The Beat Museum, for this place is not for you. But even if you take the slightest interest in learning about something you have not had any exposure to. Hop on down. It's only $5 admission and the owner behind the store is so obviously passionate about what he does, you can't help but take a little bit of that with you when you leave. I spent a good hour and a half perusing the tidbits and artifacts throughout, as well as taking in a portion of a documentary that was playing in the make-shift theatre in the back. I had no idea I'd find a story about the real-findings of Sputnik on the second story, I also didn't know the story behind Sputnik and Beatnik. If you don't know them either, I'll leave it to you to find out.I left with a desire to learn more and a book about the Beat in hand. Success on the behalf of the museum I'd say.
North Beach, from the norm to the unusual, music, books to tees and buttons. Fun, fun, fun.
We saw the Beat Museum from across the street at City Lights, so we decided to stop in. Don't waste your time. It just made me sad.The museum's small collection of actual artifacts could fit into a one-room gallery exhibit. As a whole, the place is pretty shabby and smells a little like cat. About half of the materials are filled out with very basic signage and fluff like a period car and furniture with no actual association to the Beats.You can probably glean better insight from five dollars in library fines. I suggest you start with the fine pages on them in David Halberstam's The Fifties and PBS' terrific American Masters on Alan Ginsberg.
I was drawn into this place by a bathtub full of books for sale near the entrance. I then spent $5 to go into the museum and found myself thouroughly entertained for about an hour. I left with two armfuls of books and souveniers and have been fascinated with the Beat Culture ever since. This is by far one of my most memorable experiences in San Francisco, and I stumbled across it by accident. The owners of this place have done a great job.
This was well worthwhile. Really well put together. I had no idea the extent to which the Beat poets looked to get the best out of human nature. Sadly many got caught up in drugs and alcohol. It's worth spending hours here. A very rich experience.
like crazy dady-o!  out of this world, dig.
What museum? This is a small showcase within a store, not a museum. . . The store, however, was cool. Lots of different books and other items available that were related to the beat movement. It was cool but nothing to go out of your way for. If you're in the area, check it out. The owner was very pleasant.
Cool little joint.  This guy really knew his stuff.
Not everyplace where a tourist might go is a 'tourist trap'. Yes, there are many businesses in SF that would NOT be in SF if it weren't for the City's number one industry. I don't think this place falls into that category. It's here because this is what North Beach was back in the day. Embrace it.I do love my "I'm with Ginsberg" t-shirt and my Kerouac bobblehead doll though.
I love this place and I love Jerry the owner/founder.I always bring people from out of town here - especially if they are Republicans . . .walk in a Republican, walk out a Beat?  Well maybe, we can try.The first time I came here was in their early days and it was a bit heavy on tshirts.  That's changed and now its a lot of books and relevant gift items.But the best is the museum itself upstairs.  It's worth the 5 bucks to enter.Jerry also has a very cool foundation calledFoundation for Creative Expression   ffce.org   They have a lot of speakers and events, get on their mailing list.  And of course visit, even if you are by yourself, I find I'm inspired to inject my life with more creative endeavors.
Full disclaimer: I didn't go into the museum bit because I wasn't sure it'd be worth it. I mean, the store has all sorts of great stuff covering the same time periods and historical figures, so I figured that was all I needed to see. The owner was very nice, though. We had a great chat about living in DC and all. If I ever find myself in San Fran again with a little more money to blow, I might swing by again to tour the actual museum, just to see what he's collected.
I would have given the Beat Museum five stars because it was a fun, engaging little place constructed with what appears like a passionate adoration of all things Beatnik and alternative and profound and all of the above. I would have given it five stars because of all of the cool artwork and the artifacts and the furniture and the Bob Dylans songs that swept across the room like an ocean of poetic melody.I would've. Should've.However, it would be nice if some of the little placards were geared more towards the innocent little Americans and the foreigners who really don't understand the Beatniks as much as any other North Beach hipster. Because really, how could I read a whole placard about Gary Snyder if I don't really understand what his group did and does?Just printing out the Wikipedia article and posting it at the entrance to the museum would be nice. I mean, if it was legal and if you could snazz it up a bit.
Beat culture happens to be one of the loves of my life. I've written research papers on these people whenever possible and hoarded Beat poetry with gleeful greed. So, the Beat Museum was a must on my visit to San Francisco. It isn't large by any means, but the information is great. I especially loved reading about the Howl trial. The museum is mildly haphazard, with misspelled words on Time New Roman-printed information cards mounted next to displays.  Perhaps this suits the Beats though. Minus a star, however, for the "Beat pad" set up just before the museum's finish. Cheesy. The dude working was super awkward and I would have spent more time (and probably money) if my friends were as obsessed as I am, but I found some great books nonetheless. And I will definitely go back any time I'm in the area again--the area prominently dotted with speakeasy establishments. How appropriate.
This is a place Kerouac would write about visiting.Okay, maybe not. But the poetic energy is definitely passionate in the building and from the owner. Check out the gift shop and decide whether or not to pay the small entry fee to see the memorabilia... its worth it. I could have spent hours dreaming away, and losing myself in the words, but it was near closing time.. perfect timing for a drink at Vesuvio!
We made a special trip to The Beat Museum, and it was worth the treck.  We enjoyed it very much.  I learned a few things I didn't know before, and found some interesting correlations between Beats, Hippies and Punk Rockers.  Pretty cool to consider this arc in subculture.I found the artifacts interesting.  There were several original manuscripts, as well as an annotated manuscript of Howl by Allan Ginsberg and Jack Karouak's jacket. There were several Ferlingetti paintings to look at.Some care could be made to make the presentation more professional in appearance and curatorial approach, both in exhibit/case design and overall layout.   I thought that the Ferlingettin paintings in particular could use better curation and a more secure place to be hung.I really like how The Beat Museum fits into the scale, vibe and historical context of the North Beach neighborhood and think that this museum is perfectly situated to tell the Beat story.  With City Lights and Vesuvio right across the street, you can't go wrong.  We were very engaged in the story and ventured across the street to experience these places for ourselves after reading about their significance to the movement.  It is worth the admission price to tour this little gem.
Fair to middlin'. I recommend that you hold back on spontaneous purchases here (some things, like DVDs and such, seem interesting and are highly recommended by the owner, but upon arrival at home...I totally regretted each purchase) but subscribe to their newsletter if you're a real Beat or enthusiast.
This is a very cool place to bring friends from out of town. If you want to get off the beaten-tourist path and show your midwestern or east coast friends something that really reflects SF culture, go here and then city lights bookstore down the street. Very cool staff that is willing to answer your questions. A cool gift shop with some authentic beat-era things and some newer less expensive souvenirs too. Minus one star because it was "in transition" when we went, and there was a large empty area upstairs. A great little museum, you will leave feeling inspired to write a poem!
$5 admission ticket which isn't too bad. The museum is quite small, two floors dedicated to Beat memorabilia. They emphasized Jack Kerouac's "On The Road" a bit too often though. It was as if the entire museum was dedicated to Jack Kerouac and less to the other writers and musicians that made up the generation (although they did a good job addressing the important women writers, even if it was just for a little bit). It is more of a showcase and a store, and less of a museum but they have a friendly staff and it's a good place to hang out if you have read Beat literature before. If not, then you might be a little lost in the history of things because they only explain and give extra information about books or poems and not the books or poems itself.They have cheap "bathtub" books ($2) that you can buy for light reading. But save it for across the street where City Lights Bookstore is!
If you are into the beatnik culture/literature, this place is invaluable. This is my favourite museum in San Francisco!
I only sauntered around the shop, and I didn't get to make it into the tiny "museum" part of this place, but the place was full of some cool books, although they were a bit too expensive.I was especially impressed with a bunch of vintage Playboy's they had in the back, and if it wasn't for the cost of $20+/issue I would have grabbed a few to bring to my boyfriend.The people who work there are extremely nice and welcoming.  I did buy a coll bumper sticker from there, but I wasn't about to buy an overpriced book.
there is a soft spot in my heart for the beats, considering that it's History among the happy experimental/avant-garde poetics scene, and it was a happy surprise to see that the beats have their own museum in san francisco, as they very well should! -- oddly stacked upon the many strip clubs, but within sight of city lights which is heaven and a legacy of the late ferlinghetti.i happen to be friends with one of the beats back at home, who alone has many many more little artifacts collections newsclippings tidbits shrines to her north beach san francisco renaissance experience. i happened to visit boulder/naropa university before coming to san francisco, and the Naropa Archive, if you're curious, has even more of a direct, extensive, enormously wonderful homage to the Beats, and where history has moved since then. the Beat museum was cheap. among friends, travelling with friends who knew very little about the Beats, their reading of ferlinghetti's poems peaked their interest to the point where they'd like to consider Beat poetry further, and hey, success!five stars because it is small but very important, and the idea alone, the small five dollars, the need for it to survive the test of history in this tough economic climate -- necessitate your visiting and supporting this quasi-underground movement of counterpoetics, and this testament to history-in-the-making.so do yourself a favor and go!and hee -- "kid-friendly," minus the expletives and occasional naked displays. take it as you will.
Absolutely delightful to wander about and Brandon was super chill and easygoing. Nice guy to just shoot the shit with.
I went into the Beat Museum on Friday on my way to Enrico's. I was impressed and the man greeting the customers seems very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the place. He told me that it took a lot of effort to secure the location. And, what a location it is! Broadway still has the risque elements. But apart from that the museum itself is a treat and a shrine of sorts to a part of American history of culture that is now classic. But I have to admit that part of our American legacy is fading as the world has changed so much since the 1950's. It is good to see the museum and very appropriate for North Beach. My only critique is I think more about the Beat era needs to be featured than just Jack, Neal and Allen. So, if you are in North Beach stop by, well worth a visit.
NIce little museum with a lot of memorabilia as well as gives a little crash course into who the beats were. Admission is cheap and there are books and other items onsite for sale. I picked up a beautifully illustrated copy of "Howl" which was read in the airport and start reading "On the Road" on the plane. Expand your horizons and help a good cause.
Even though I am not in love with the Beats and their ideology, the man who runs The Beat Museum certainly is.  His excitement for the all things Beats is infectious.  Some of the items in the museum are great and it is amazing that he was able to obtain them.  Other items it seems like he is grasping at straws in order to fill out his collection.  Overall I am glad that I stopped in and took a look around.
Awesome place, only in San Francisco! It pays to watch the Jack Kerouac movie in the mini movie theater in there. Be prepared to spend money on books!
Spent so much of my time skimming through the vast selection of good books and often finding myself spinning in circles with the memorabilia. Didn't actually find the time to check the museum but enjoyed the place that I figured I would save it for next time, cause I will be back. The man working the shop was interesting to talk to he knew his history and north beach pretty well. He was a joy to talk to just wish I could remember his name!
The folks who worked there were very nice and helpful and we enjoyed looking at the interesting relics of beat life--Ferlinghetti's paintings, Alan Ginsberg's type writer, Burrough's stuff... It's all there.. They're all there.  I wished that they'd come to life and started having a conversation with us though.  But, it is a museum of ghosts of a gone era.  May their memory live on for all time.
This place is lovely and not tourist trap or cheesy. There's a large shop front that is refreshingly free of any chain store look or vibe - no marketers in board meetings were involved. It's more like old businesses from decades past, like very d.i.y.; a place run by local people who have a dedicated interest in Beat culture, all mismatched bookshelves filled with rare videos, dvds, great books, photos, postcards and odd bits. There are some hippy culture items as well which makes sense since the one scene was influenced by the other and their both iconic for SF, but if you aren't into hippiness it doesn't interfere with the beat flavor. If you want to go to the museum you buy your ticket from the mellow, knowledgeable clerk, the ticket has nice graphics and makes a good souvenir, then you go to the back where there's a sweet little turnstile. I love the museum! It's special. It's just right. I'll leave out the details as that's for you to discover but I'll say, this place is like the Musee Mecanique in that it's another properly run San Francisco museum that has something ever more elusive in this day and age, soul.
My boyfriend just loves Jack Kerouac  and really wanted to go into the museum part for $5.  We always walk into the shop and view all the cool things they have on display.  The guy who works the counter is really friendly and he is willing to talk to you for a while.  There is so much history in SF and this is one of those places where you can take a look back.
OK, this place is a complete tourist trap selling summer-of-love memorabilia and photos of Jack Kerouac.  However, the owners seem to have an actual love of books and it shows --there's even a bath tub of $2 book which I could not help but dig through.I chatted with the gentleman whom I assumed to be the owner and he took me into the back store room to show me this fabulous twisty slide, installed by the previous leaseholders.  I couldn't believe that didn't play on the thing constantly!Anyway, for a tourist shop, this place is alright.  It's well lit and completely free of stuffed Grateful Dead bears however, they do carry plenty of Jerry Garcia posters.  But most of all, they have books.  And if you are going to sell anything to tourists, I can't complain about books.
It's special. It's just right. I'll leave out the details as that's for you to discover.
my friend's the one that got me interested in Kerouac and the other beatniks, so on one of our trips to SF, we checked it out. Right as we walked in, the man who was working greeted us with no hesitation. after awhile of looking around the store, we decided to take a look around the museum. the price of a ticket is only $5, $3 if you're a student. The man, who greeted us, told us all about how the beat generation came about and interesting facts about the major contributors. after awhile of showing us around, he left us to ourselves. looking at all the history, books, poems surrounding us was a lot to take in just one visit. i will definitely check it out again.
Spend the measly $5 and visit, goddamn!Truly a small price to pay for having your beatnik sensibility revived by amazing artifacts of Kerouac, Cassady, Ginsberg, et al. Not only is it good policy to support the souls who cared enough to keep the ideology of the Beats burning bright, it is equally good policy to take a break from the many delirious displays of SF's diversity to consider that the Beats "did" acceptance and true tolerance before it was even remotely cool. Plus it is just a fraction of what you are going to drop at the Lusty Lady...:)
Cute! An interesting and fun experience for $4. You can learn about the beat movement and see first-edition books. I wanted to spend more time here, but my friend had to leave. I especially liked the annotated excerpt of "Howl" on the wall. I love their cute little mini theater. They have cool kitschy stuff for sale - posters, bumper stickers, pins (I got a "fuck bigotry" one), postcards, jewelry. And they sell cool books. The guys there are so friendly and nice to talk to. Love them.
The museum of the Beat Generation comes to San Fran. I'm subscribed to FunCheapSF group on Yahoo and recently got an email about this place "The Beat Museum" where they had a 1 hour appearance of the author and filmmaker of "Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill" and I was amazed I didn't know about it earlier --- I lost a lot. Such a great place with an extensive calendar of events...there is something very special about it, it's not big, but it includes a collection of books, photographs. Exhibits are happening from time to time...I really recommend visiting that place and check their calendar regularly. I'm on their email list and can't wait to be a part of another event.
nice try, but disorganized and lacking funds. the city lights bookstore is its museum. it's a good start, but needs more authenticity. i was not entirely impressed. i met the couple who started the museum in big sur. it can be improved. i love the idea, but i'm critical because i love the beats!
I finally wandered into this joint while working at last year's International Poetry Festival event. The owner demanded I give him as many Poetry Festival fliers as I had on hand, and then requested more! I was only too happy to oblige him, then spent some time wandering around. Lots of cool artifacts here! Typewriters, weird items, photos, and some great displays. Not so cool in my opinion was the t-shirt collection on sale as offered,  (prices not worthy of the consideration) but this is a minor bitch-out. They also had some gallery-quality photos on display (at gallery quality prices!). But the overall vibe was welcoming, honoring the Bay Area's contribution to both the Beat and the Hippie convulsions. (or as I love to call them, the Beat and Hippie Invasions.) If you are looking for names to drop, they've got all the usual ones, and then more you probably never thought of too.Nice guy (Jerry) runs the shop, and all his employees get a gold star too for friendliness. Be sure to donate on the way out...
This museum is alright . The guy working there is very friendly and would gladly take the time to give you an introduction to the Beats or answer any questions you may have . The museum is basically just a room , a movie room , and a corner . The room has a few poems , first editions of books , posters / papers with info about the beat authors . The corner downstairs has the same thing . The movie room is just a room with some theater seats playing some movie you could probably rent at Blockbuster . The museum is kind of tacky and a tourist trap .. but hey it's only $5 . Kill some time and learn something .
I went with my friend, and local writer, Jennifer Blowdryer.  The place was about to close, and Jennifer managed to bargain us in for half price, promising we'd only be 20 minutes.  There are bunches of glass encased first editions of books by Ginsberg and Kerouac, and the like.  The owner came up, and he and Blowdryer had a nice conversation about spoken word, which apparently they sometimes host there.
jerry  has a passion for the beat that is unparalleled. he is encyclopedic in his knowledge and is very willing to share that expertise. brandon is great as well and brings the next generations interest and connection to the beats to each and every guest. cruising through city lights is great, but if you want to learn and put things into a cultural perspective and understand what was really happening at the time this is the best $5 you will spend. a couple of hours here and you will have a whole new perspective on the beats. do not miss the movie that runs as it is the fastest way to download the richness of the period.
