What an incredible experience. This place is such a neat little gem at Fort Mason. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and super super nice. Their art collection is breath taking and if you go there on Fridays you can also catch Off the Grid right after looking around the museum. Although the place is relatively small (they are moving to another location in 2017) - walking through the rooms like going back in time. I also recommend meeting David is super passionate about the Mexican Museum. The place is such a neat place, I became a member. A must see if you are in the marina/Fort Mason area.
Expected more. We were a little disapointed. Glad it was free. Only a few exhibits to look at. Items on sale a little on the high price. Maybe trying to sock it to the white man.
Not really a museum, but a small gallery. There was only one contemporary artist being exhibited when we were there. They claim to have over 16,000 items in their collection. Too bad that all but a handful are in storage. The web site is very deceptive as to what is currently on display at the current facility. The museum is due to move into larger facilities in about 2019( so we were told). Maybe it will be worth the visit then.  For now, don't waste your time.
Its only one room, looks like they might expand eventually but up to now its nothing to write home about. The only good thing it's free. Don't plan on staying more than 20 minutes.
I think the Mexican Museum should evolve at this point, and work to create a more inclusive feeling in its name and mission.  There is strength in unity, and many countries rich in diverse cultural and artistic tradition in Central and South America who should be given equal credit in the name of the museum.Call it the Museum of Latin America, or the Latin American Museum.  Do not seek to exclude every other nationality in Latin America in the name of the museum...to do so is a discredit to all Latin American art.  Latin American art and history is worthy of an institution such as the Mexican Museum seeks to build in Yerba Buena Gardens; inclusivity could make that a reality.Use the Asian Museum as an example.  It is not named for one specific country.  And look, there it proudly sits, in its glorious Civic Center location, in a beautiful building, and, most importantly, open to the public.Five stars for the collection and the staff; less one star for the exclusivity implied in the name of the Museum.mexicanmuseum.org
If you're in the Fort Mason Center, check out the Mexican Museum. Saw an exhibit called "Fantastic Creatures in Art & Myth." It's a small museum, about two rooms. The current exhibit was fun to see different types of Oaxacan sculptures and mythological features. It runs through Aug 15, 2010. It's free. The Fort Mason Center website lists the latest exhibitions, as I've noticed the Mexican Museum's website events calendar may not be the most up to date. There's also a store and you can buy different types of Mexican items. If you're in Fort Mason, stop by.
I loved the Mexican Museum as a kid and I can't wait for its new location to open.  What Randy says makes sense except that the Mexican Museum in San Francisco was started precisely to celebrate Mexican history, art and culture.   It had a totally different purpose than did Galeria de la Raza and the Mission Cultural Center.  The Asian Museum is glorious, but it has a completely different purpose.  I, too, would love to see a Latin American museum, but I am not sure the Mexican museum would need to change its name to occasionally show exhibits from Latin America.  Perhaps there can be another museum for other Latin American countries.  Take the California Historical Society, the Society for California Pioneers, the Mint, the Cable Car Museum, and the African American Museum.  They all showcase Californian history in some way, but they do not have to all have the same mission statement or be housed in the same locality.  San Francisco is lucky to have so many museums unlike Portland, Denver, and Las Vegas.
