The Panhandle is just one of those things that makes SF great. I've always found it to be a great spot to go on an evening run - but you can also walk or ride your bike. It has a clearly defined bike lane on one side and a path for just walkers and joggers on the other, so it's easy to navigate.Once you reach the end, you're right at the entrance to Golden Gate Park, so there are a lot of great scenery and things to do. Once you get to Stanyan Street, try making a left and checking out Kezar Stadium - it has a track that is open every day. You can also turn around and head back through the Panhandle a few blocks and check out the basketball courts, playground, or go to Haight Street, which is only a few blocks away.
#20/2016The Panhandle is a little ratty in sections with a few (mostly harmless looking) denizens, some appearing still hungover from the Summer of Love.Shade from old growth trees populate this rectangular patch of land that juts out from the northern end of (the big rectangle) Golden Gate Park (thus its name- The Panhandle). There's a cute children's playground with swings and climbing structures and a small area nearby with 2-top tables to set up a snack area for a small get-together or a kids' lunch. Joggers run through the edges of the park and some of the loveliest homes and apartment buildings line Fell and Oak that run one-way on either side of the park.If I'm walking, I like to cut through The Panhandle to Upper Haight where some of our friends live or to the Park library, enjoying slower pace of city life this little half mile stretch brings. The streets (Lyon, Central, Clayton, Cole, Ashbury) that surround this area are quiet and filled with families, a little peaceful slice of San Francisco.
I live quite close to here and I wish I didn't. Homeless hang out here all day with off leash dogs and obviously stolen bikes but nothing is ever done. Plus the bike path is full of Lance-tards hauling butt and weaving around slow walkers who really should be on the other path.One last thing. Shouldn't no smoking in parks mean no smoking of ANYTHING?
This park is great for running and biking. Also has a basketball court and swings towards the middle of the park. you can bike through to golden gate park with very little interaction with traffic.
We walked the length of this park from Schrader to Baker along Fell St side. The path is shared by pedestrians as well as bicycles but as there is plenty of grass on either side there is room to get out of each other's way.  Many homeless people were finding refuge here but there were also family groups having picnics, people just sitting in the sun reading, playing guitar or just sunbathing. The park runs parallel to Haight Street, only a couple of blocks away, and the contrast is remarkable. I am sorry I didn't get a sandwich to go and pop down to this park to enjoy the quiet. The park has many eucalyptus (gum) trees. There are some very nice houses along Fell St too.
Dog, kid and homeless friendly. Other than when Bay to Breakers is happening (and a few days afterwards) the Panhandle is great. It has a nice jogging, walking, biking road, some basketball courts, a kids playground and plenty of green space. It also has a public bathroom which attracts homeless people. Just don't use the bathroom. It's gross. Note that dogs (and people) pee on the grass, so I would suggest a picnic blanket before sitting/laying on it.
Love. It.There's a lane for bicycles and a lane without bicycles. Joggers, walkers, people picnicking, playing basketball, lounging, doggies playing, and all sorts of stuff. Minus one star for the occasional squirrel and freaky gophers.
I don't come by this neighborhood nearly enough!  The air is so fragrant and fresh in this a wonderful park, which is by far my favorite in SF.  With a cup of coffee from Bread and Butter, it is so relaxing even with the high density of bikers.  Love the real real neighborhood feel.  Park benches are plenty, and the tall, old trees make me feel like I've escaped the Bay Area for a while.
Such a lovely space stuck right in the middle of the city.  It's a useful way to bike cross-town and stay immersed in nature.The plus side: There's great dog watching if you are a person with serious dog envy like me.  There's usually some good basketball, drum circle or other such thing to watch.   It's usually full of locals out for a jog or people walking their dogs/kids.  Not at all touristy.  It's almost never too packed to enjoy yourself (see below)The down side:  At peak hours people are commuting via bike (great work San Francisco's cardiovascular systems!)  and not screwing around about it so if you are dilly dallying (me) better watch out not to get run over.  How is the panhandle so skinny but yet have so much character?  With chicks it's usually the opposite! (I kid I kid)
When Golden Gate Park feels overwhelmingly expansive, there is a perfect solution RIGHT next door. I adore The Panhandle for it's quirks--a basketball court, a sweet little park for tots, and lots of pups can be found in this block-wide slice of evergreen. It draws essentially no tourists due to the proximity to GGP, which is awesome when you're looking for a less chaotic vibe in the area. As someone who loves to run, the loop is absolutely ideal for morning jogs, perfectly shaded by the branches of big, old trees. My friends and I spent the 4th of July picnicking here and had a total blast. It's close to Haight Street Market and Whole Foods if you need a snack and a deli sandwich, and there is always room for a blanket and a smashball session. This dense pocket of greenery is one of the more underrated parks in SF--I'm so grateful I live in the neighborhood so I can take advantage of all that is has to offer. :)
Love to run through the panhandle! Coming from Lower Haight, you've got to get up that pesky ever so slight incline from Divisadero to Baker. But from there, you're golden. Also great to bike over here now that the lane has been added to Fell.But be advised, bicyclists are going up and down the path frequently and speedily. Watch your left and pay attention to bells.
I pass through the Panhandle several times a week, I'm a fan.It's a good place to have a picnic, lay in the sun, read a book, shoot some hoops or just stroll towards Golden Gate Park.  Usually this is where the fog comes to meet you as you head west and it heads east, reminding you of why it's much better to live on the east side of SF.The only drawback to the Panhandle is the idiot joggers and other morons who don't look where they are walking or running.  According to the law of Natural Selecton, sooner or later these folks will jog under a bus, so there's always that to look forward to. :)
OK bathrooms? Eh.. no they reek. But, what do you expect from public ones frequented by transients.I'm biased about the panhandle because I live in the "NOPA" neighborhood. I've never played basketball here but the courts seem lively. I frequently jog through here on the way to Golden Gate Park or stop and do some P90x with my headphones on. A SF Bike Party event actually began here once which was pretty cool.On a hot day it's a decent place to have a few drinks and throw the frisbee around.
It's hard to be sure whether this is a long, skinny extension to Golden Gate Park or a park unto itself, but it is a great spot. I love to walk through in the evenings on the way to the Haight or the Inner Sunset, or Cole Valley, and just smell the eucalyptus, watch the dogs run around, and avoid eye contact with the bums.A favorite memory is going on an impromptu picnic in the Panhandle on the 4th of July with boxed food from Bi-Rite, sitting on the grass, and pretending it was 20 degrees warmer than it actually was.
Awesome location for an afternoon run,a great place to bring your pup,and the perfect short-cut to Haight Street on your bike. Ok bathrooms,and a really nice kids play area.The grounds are lined with beautiful trees to provide shade on a hot day. Just be careful if has been raining, it gets super muddy!
It's funny, when I first moved to San Francisco, I knew that Golden Gate Park was pretty close to my pad, and with my senses ass backwards from settling down in a neighborhood I knew absolutely nothing about, I was convinced that The Panhandle was Golden Gate Park. I was utterly disappointed. "Really, *this* is the famous park I've heard so much about? Where are the buffaloes?", I'd say to myself. That is, until I walked another 1/2 mile down the path and learned that I'd actually not yet reached the west coast equivalent of Central Park, and that what I was galloping through was essentially its wading pool. The joys of learning your surroundings, I suppose. I can't say I ever take time to hang out in The Panhandle, largely because no matter how nice the day is, the morning dew never seems to lift. If you stroll through the grassy parts, you're almost guaranteed to leave with wet shoes and mud spackle on your backside. However, it is a very nice place to run through (even when being harassed by gutter punks and homeless folks), and of course... it's one of two unofficial urban toilets when Bay to Breakers descends upon San Francisco (the other being Alamo Square). Gross, but sometimes you just need to let it fly. If you're a bike rider, this serves as a real nice route to peddle through if you're trying to get to Haight-Ashbury or Cole Valley, and of course, the JFK entrance to Golden Gate Park and beyond.
I'm not sure if it violates local drinking ordinances, but even if it does, the Panhandle Park is regardless a GREAT place to have a beer.I like coming here at night especially--usually pretty peaceful. Sometimes there will be funk, but I've noticed as the neighborhood has gentrified over the years, this has been less so.Great place to just sit quietly under a bench to read, reflect, or flirt.
Great place to throw the football with friends. Just watch out for the land mines.
A 1.55 mile loop once around if you follow the bike/jogging path.The borders include the Baker Street sidewalk (east) and Stanyan (west, going up to touch the stoplight pole at the edge of the panhandle).Yes, I manually Google-Map-Pedometer'ed this.Perfect for people like me with low stamina.The loop between Baker and Masonic is 0.65 miles.
The Panhandle is a great little park to run/jog, bike or stroll through. The paved flat path that goes around the perimeter of the park is great for interval training and should especially be appreciated by both novice and injured runners. There are plenty of shady and sunny spots depending on the time of day and it's quiet enough to allow for undistracted reading. There's a small gated playground and the park overall seems to be quite popular with families and various individuals alike. Generally, the Panhandle is very pleasant and safe during the day.
The strip of park that leads you to Golden Gate Park is a great place to exercise, picnic and play.  Although it's surrounded by two busy throughways you are surrounded by lots of big trees and green grass.  There are two paths that go the length of the panhandle.  The bicyclist path is closer to Fell and the pedestrian path is closer to Oak.  It's a very mixed use space.  There are lots of joggers, walkers and bicyclists.  On nice days, the panhandle fills with groups of people barbequing or having picnics.  There is plenty of room to spread out and find your own space.  On Bay to Breakers day it becomes one big party here, people bring music, lots of booze and some food.  Within a few blocks is Haight where you can find lots of food and shopping.  If you do want to have a picnic and you need supplies, The Haight Street Market is a great option or you can go to Whole Foods if you want to spend more.   Overall a great place to hangout.  There are some shady characters, but just keep walking and most of them will leave you alone.
The Panhandle, which we live north of, is this stretch of grass/mud that leads up to Golden Gate Park and borders the Haight. Because of its location, you tend to find hipsters and some street urchins hanging out here, but if you haven't seen skinny jean dudes in neon sunglasses playing kickball, have you really lived?There's an easy path to bike/run/walk on, and scenic enough to keep you occupied if you're doing some contemplation during any one of those activities. There's an decent playground in there, next to some basketball courts, and Dash is a frequent scenester on the slides and swings. Plenty of dogs roaming around as well, so it's a generally friendly park.Is it the nicest park in San Francisco. Definitely not. But it is green and fairly lush, and if you live within a few blocks, it's nice to have it as your expanse of backyard.
Dog friendly.  Between Hayes and Haight the Park reaches east, attempting to touch City Hall.  It makes it as far as a monument in a meadow opposite the DMV on Baker Street, and then gives up.  It's wonderful to walk among the trees, to look at the archaic streetlights and remember Narnia, to watch dogs digging frantically in the grass, when we have nowhere in particular to go.  It's a breath of fresh air in the middle of the City, a green carpet to traverse on the way to yoga class or a lunch date.  It's a refuge for pheasant, raccoons, robins, and other wildlife.  It's the cool green between the Victorians and concrete streets, a bit of outdoor wilderness carefully manicured in the middle of a strictly planned urban setting, just a few blocks from my home.
I really love my neighborhood, with its diversity (with the bars and restaurants), but also because of the naturey areas, which are reminders of how beautiful non-urban living can really be. The Panhandle is a prime example, as this beautiful area is right in the middle of two busy SF streets. In preparation for my half marathon, the Panhandle (and Golden Gate Park) was one of my training grounds. I loved running past the tall gorgeous trees throughout. On a sunny day, there would be runners (like me), walkers, and people on their bikes. On the grassy areas, frisbee would be played, as well as owners playing catch with their dogs, and even some BBQ and picnic action. Others could be found on the basketball courts or families with the lil' ones in the playground. Amidst the beauty (and even serenity), there are reminders of the hustle and bustle of the city. Sometimes it's hard to escape the oasis that the Panhandle provides with the sound of cars whizzing by (and honking), the homeless on the benches and grassy areas, and the litter and trash that didn't make it to the proper receptacles. Anywho, I've been to the Panhandle many times, and will continue to walk or run by (for as long as I live in the 'hood'). Here are some of my memorable Panhandle moments: 1) Saw a guy run barefoot (talk about a hard core runner!). I had to do a double take, and grossed me out to think about what his feet looked like after the run. 2) Enjoyed a romantical evening stroll with a fella (one of our first dates). We also sat on the bench and star gazed :0 3) Ran Bay to Breakers this past May, and felt a huge sigh of relief when I made it to the Panhandle. At this point, I knew that there would no longer be any hilly streets, and that the course would be flat towards the finish line. 4) A homeless man yelled "OH, Nice Ass" to me as I ran past him. (Oh Mylanta, I was appreciative of the compliment, but thankful that he wasn't running after me)! Cheers!
On sunny afternoons, when the light shines through the eucalyptus trees, there may not be a more perfect place for a run in the whole City.Foggy afternoons, when you can run in and out of the fog bank, are also pretty darn cool.But hey, Parks and Rec? Could you please fix the pedestrian path on the south side? It's pretty grotty!
Great place to sit and read a book or play with the pup! Only downside is the people who don't clean up after themselves or their dogs! Also the constant watering makes the grass constantly mushy.
A lovely park to just sit under eucalyptuses and have lunch from nearby cafe. It's a silent place where my daughter can sleep and recover before long walk in the Golden Gate Park.
I have included a handy infographic in the pictures. Everything you need to know about the Panhandle!
As I exited Golden Gate Park and headed back in the direction of my hostel, I came across another expanse of park. A long skinny park bordered on either side by Fell St and Oak St. At first, it seemed to be a lovely park. There were people out bike riding, walking, running, children playing in the playground, young 20 somethings out enjoying the sunshine with picnic baskets, BBQs and volleyball nets in tow.In between them were a few bunches of more worn looking characters, one of whom invited me to have a swig of malt liquor with him. I politely declined the offer for the unknown cheer and wondered "where the heck am I?" A quick look at my phone revealed I had found myself in a park called The Panhandle. Wikipedia says a panhandle is a long skinny piece of geographic territory, kind of like the tip of Idaho. I had an altogether different first impression.I don't know that I'd voluntarily come this way again. At any rate, it seemed like everyone found a spot for themselves to enjoy a sunny Saturday afternoon. And it seemed the best spot for a BBQ was on the steps of the statue down at the Baker Street end of the park.
Isn't this what SF is all about?*frisbee*yoga*meditation*pot lucks*pot smokers**runners*cyclists*runners run down by cyclists*runners tripping over the poorly maintained, root-lifted south sidewalk**dog walkers*dogs walking their owners**blinded by cyclist's headlamp approaching you on north sidewalk*straining to see the barely moonlit south sidewalk**public bathrooms*public nudity**gateway drug* gateway to Golden Gate Park*Such is the SF life.Such is The Panhandle. Be a part of it.
Another classic SF scene -- nestled right in the Haight, perfect for a stroll, or lounging around.
GREAT jogging around the Panhandle.  The running trail is a bit bumpy, but avoidable.  Continue onto into Golden Gate Park for the REAL treasures.
You'll notice I'm the unquestioned Duke of the Panhandle, and that's because I live about 75 feet from it.  I cross through the Panhandle any time I'm going to Haight Street or Golden Gate Park, which is basically every day.The Panhandle is great for stretching your legs, going for a quick morning run, shooting some hoops, throwing the ball to your dog, or catching some rays.  The two complains are:1) The bums and "fake homeless" kids with pitbulls that hang out, do drugs, and argue with each other.  The good news is they tend to keep to themselves.2) The "nice" bike path on the north end that is shared by bikes, runners, and walkers.  Many commuters, myself included, love to whiz through on this thing, and sometimes there are some close calls.
Dont' be fooled by the bicycle markings on the bicycle path with bicycle green lights, you're not supposed to ride your bicycle like a bicycle on this bicycle trail.Get the point? While the police will patrol the path for anyone riding faster than jogging speed, there aren't actually any posted speed limit signs. Watch for cops on motorcycles who will inevitable act like a total dick when he gives you a warning.Better communication please. Or make a real bike lane on the roads.
Outside from the occasional cracked out homeless person or the unwary pedestrian in the bike paths, the panhandle is the closest thing to a freeway for cyclists here in San Francisco.  When on a bicycle, you can get from NOPA to Golden Gate Park in less than 5 minutes if you hit all green lights.  **Look out for uneven pavement, especially at night!**
Beautiful park with lots of pups running around. Great way to spend and afternoon and just watch the Eucalyptus Trees swaying in the breeze. Great for a bike ride.
Panhandles play a disproportionate role in the semantic awareness of English speakers. When we get angry we fly off the handle and when we are poor we panhandle. When you are happy, you live across from the panhandle  in San Francisco. You absorb nature's beauty of urban, city living while breathing fresh oxygen from beautiful trees and soaking up rays of dewy sunshine;  you sprawl out on that flat grass humming your own sweet tune of this picturesque symbiotic relationship. The semantic confusion has ended here on this panhandle  of happiness.
This is a nice, low key park that's excellent for lounging. It's less crowded than Dolores and there's plenty of runners, bicyclists and benches. Also, if you're into basketball or you have kids, then this is the park for you. There' s something for everyone here. We saw some folks playing bocce ball. It's in a nice, central location not too far from the Haight.
When I was taking Tommy Neutzbaum's Upper Haight Ghost Tour last year, we passd through the Panhandle to talk about Buck Naked's demise at the hands of a crazed pigeon lover. But what he told us about the Panhandle's history was much more fascinating.A map of 1853 shows nothing but sand dunes stretching west toward what the locals called at that time, 'The Outside Lands' It wasn't until 1870 that a man named William Hammond Hall decided to try planting barely, sea bent grass and lupin in an attempt to find a suitable foundation for rooting. Success was his and he added tons of topsoil, deciding on Monterey Cypress and Pines and Eucalyptus for their quick growth and shallow root system. Later he planted Acacias, Japanese Yew, Kauri and Italian Alder. To this day, the Panhandle boasts the oldest trees in the City. The small stand of Live Oak on Fulton/6th actually pre-date his first plantings in 1870.Thus was the Panhandle a 'test lab' in a ways, for Mcclaren and Golden Gate Park. I have always wondered why there's so many Cypresses and Eucalyptus trees in these areas. It's strange to walk in the grassy, shaded park, imagining this all was a vast sand dune at one time.
Whatever.Riding bike on the path, below the limit.  You didn't know there was one, did you?Homeless-type on bike turns in from side, rides down the middle, throwing his elbows out, giving me the stink eye.  Krazy, in other words.  I goes by, bid thee fare well, "Pardon me, would you mind moving a skooch over so  I can trundle my humble soul down the path of life?"  Or words to that effect.  His pupils popped out of his head, "I'm gonna chase you down and cut you up, motherhenpecker!"Over the next 1/2 mile kept him on a leash but that mofo was on some serious speed because he rode with the force of Thor.  No beard, flannel shirt or untied work boots gonna slow this killa down!Booked down Oak, starting to get a little scared he'd have atomic fart afterburners and dice me into a mirepoix.  Hey, you doofs playing fetch with your dog across the path--you can pick up a bucket of common sense at the entrance.  No really, take it all.
I visited my friends and their beautiful apartment today and developed a new-found respect for the Pandhandle. The Panhandle is an objectively wonderful location. First of all, there are so many trees and pretty Victorian architecture, not to mention that the park is gorgeous and usable. The area has proximity to many great shops, restaurants, and supermarkets. And, it is between some excellent neighborhoods and Golden Gate Park. However, I wish there were a MUNI train or BART a little bit closer.
My dog loves coming here. On a sunny day it still stays cool under the trees so he can cool off when needed. If he's happy everybody around him is happy so I take him out here often.
A beautiful oasis, sandwiched between two fairly busy streets. Having lived directly across from the panhandle in my early days spent in San Francisco, when I had ABSOLUTELY nothing to do, but surf craigslist; I came to quickly appreciate and covet this lush green patch. If you're a regular Panhandle attendee you can quickly be sucked into a bizarre enlightening world. . If you know the right folk, or go enough - you learn about the local Haight gossip, which dog likes to hump every other dog, where to get the best coffee in town, how to juggle, who's going to win American Idol, how to drum, who's got an open spot in an apartment, the best jogging trails - you name it. A wealth of information is to be found here. During the day, joggers, stoners, dog owners, new mothers, book worms and everybody in between linger and congretate here - to enjoy gorgeous SF days. One of my best days in the city - was spent listening to Midnite on repeat while reading Still Life with Woodpecker, stategically in the glow of a sunbeam for 4 hours. While deeply engrossed in the magical word of redheads (...yes it is a magical world ) a chihauhua named Billie Holiday, tongue hanging out the corner of her cute mouth, danced in a pink tutu to a fiddle accompanied orginal song about grass. (all true - and at the time it made perfect sense) Sadly and in many ways -thankfully- Billie's darling dance marked the end of my afternoon trysts with the park. I got a job a day after and well....I spent far less time in the park, couldn't remember any of the dog's names, and lost touch with the park gurus with the latest gossipNow, I'm a little less enlightened about my neighborhood and what's going on. I miss out on the drunk rants, the tourist tokes, the barbecues, the first steps, and many more........but on a nice day - I like to take the long route around the park, enduring B-Ball hollers and enjoying a brief moment of silent understanding with the  permanent Panhandle fixture: a man that sits on the far bench on Masonic Ave - in a camauflage coat - starting blankly ahead. I always wonder what he's thinking. I like to secretly think that he's taking the wonder of it all in...truly the most enlightened.
While I do live a mere two blocks from the phandle, I realized today that I miss it a little. During the summer, you can usually find me and between 2 and 20 friends there on both Saturday and Sunday. It ranges from my boyfriend and I playing a quiet game of cribbage to a few of us drinking beers to a full on cornhole tourney / bbq / drinkathon. For me, variety is the spice of life!! And in the panhandle, variety is there, in abundance. You'll see a little bit of everything, and for me, it just feels like home. Sure, theres the occasional weirdo,  the dickhead on a bike or the awful dog-owner. But come on, without these people, where would we get all of our hilarious, no-way-that-didnt-happen stories?And riding my bike on that shaded path on a hot summer Sunday, headed to a closed down GG Park to watch the rollerbladers just makes my weekend :)
1. The first thing I ever heard about the Panhandle was that it was full of dog shit.  That was told to me by a cole valley nincompoop who didn't realize that dog shit is the salt of the earth.  Needless to say, she had missed the point.  2.  You like trees?  The trees in this grand strip of urban forest are freaking massive.  You can smell the eucalyptus as you traverse the soft earth.  You can watch the wind make the treetops sway as you fondle your 40 oz. bottle of Old English.  You don't like OE?  Fine, have a soda.  3.  The monument on the Baker St. side means a lot to me for a many reasons.  I like to pelt it with tennis balls every once in a while just to see if I still have a good arm.  4.  Hipsters traipsing through the Panhandle with amoeba records bags in their tiny little hands sometimes make me horny.  Horny for music, that is. 5.  The smell of cannabis, in my opinion, is a good thing.  6.  Back to the trees.  Hear their limbs groan and sometimes crack during a winter storm.  Marvel at their sheer magnitude.  Bask in the shifting rays of sunlight that filter through the clusters of branches.  7.  This park is not a love song.  8.  This park is not closed minded.  9.  This park will never make you feel alone.10.  Together we are one divine and unconquerable creature, says the panhandle.
So close to where I live and is just wonderful for a stroll through the park or tourist crashing. I don't feel safe letting my dog off here, but sometimes we stroll here with him on a leash. I enjoy getting a coffee from a local place and strolling past all the morning joggers and life happening here. My roommate always runs into friend;y neighbors here and plays ball on the courts. The Panhandle sits right smack dab in the middle of the city.
Love the Panhandle for so many reasons.1.  It helped teach me how to parkI didn't know how to parallel park before I moved to San Francisco, but I quickly became an expert in a 1992 Buick Regal Custom with the turning radius of a Lionel model train.  I'm actually better at parallel parking on the left side of the street, and the Panhandle makes this easy because it's bordered north and south by one-way streets.2.  It's more fun to walk through than parts of my neighborhoodI love Victorian houses and corner stores, but I also love walking beneath tall nonnative trees whose bark was literally peeled off by that massive storm we had in January.3.  Beware human death traps aheadOK, that's not what is says, but as usual I'm too lazy to leave my flat to do appropriate Yelp research.  There are signs stenciled onto the pavement on the bike path warning bike riders that they will soon be crossing intersections with cars in them.4.  Curvy-wurvy pathy-wathyThe paths aren't straight, which almost makes up for the park's super boring layout.5.  Weird statues and half-baked gardensI know the original designers of the park would be disgusted at what the statue on Baker looks like, but I like it.  The weird vegetation near the sidewalk is also weird, but again, I like it.
Anything that allows me to avoid on-street biking for 8 blocks is alright in my book, homeless people or no.  Kinda makes me think that all parks should just be thin little corridors like this connecting various neighborhoods.   Although maybe that would have the undesirable effect of cutting neighborhoods off from each other.  Where's Jane Jacobs when you need her?    At the very least, we could replace the existing freeways with "parkways" (naturally the city streets would still have to sail over or tunnel under them).  Imagine skirting through the quiet trees on the west side of potrero hill and seeing a sign showing miles, not drive times, to the bay bridge...
I got to take advantage of this park since I only live a couple blocks away.  The lane for bikers and runners is the best invention ever.  I feel like a speedster weaving in and out around people on my bike.  I'm suprised I don't see a lot more bike accidents around that area (knocking on wood).  I sometimes walk on the sidewalk of Fell St. if I don't want to worry about getting hit by a bike.
Nothing restores my faith in humanity, and sometimes even in myself, like a walk through the Panhandle.  I was feeling pretty down a couple days ago about some things that I don't have the power to change.  So I decided to go for a walk.  At 26, I'm finally beginning to know myself well enough to realize what does and does not work for me when I'm in a funk.So I slapped on my Pumas, grabbed my ipod, threw on my "don't mess with me" sunglasses, and made for the Panhandle like a bat out of hell.The Panhandle is not the most aesthetically pleasing park in the city...it's rough around the edges AND on the inside.  But the cracked asphalt paths, mud pits, and fallen branches are all part of the package and a small price to pay for what this place means to me.It's a 3/4 mile stretch of people sharing public space--usually in harmony.  And really, that's what San Francisco is all about.  Or should be, anyway.  There's a playground, basketball courts, and plenty of grass for everyone.  You can come here to exercise and get those endorphins up, or you can have a picnic with a nice bottle of wine.  If you're homeless, you can hang out here and hopefully not get harassed.  And if you have a dog, the Panhandle is your oyster.  I feel dorky saying this, but my heart goes all atwitter when I see the diverse range of people enjoying the surrounding beauty.  I get this "we really ARE all connected" vibe (totally not drug-induced) and life is one big pile of beautiful.  And that, my friends, is how I kick the depression and give myself a natural high.====================Alright, now that I've gotten all of that peace and love out of my system, I should mention I've also seen some pretty weird stuff going down in the park too.  I'm sure anyone who's been through it more than a few times can say the same.  The strangest thing I've seen here happened a few months ago when I was walking through the park with my roommate at night.  We were walking on the bike path (sorry!) and saw this girl crawling around on the wet grass like a panther in slow motion.  A man was standing off to the side, just watching her and smoking.   Perhaps this is some heterosexual mating ritual I haven't heard about yet?*sigh*I love this city.
I didn't love the panhandle until I got my bike.  Now, to reiterate what people have said in earlier reviews, I love it - the bike path is pretty well paved (although sometimes soaking wet/muddy from the sprinklers) and it allows me to be more than a few inches away from cars zooming past me.  It could most definitely use a little more attention though.  The lighting could be much better after it gets dark.  The dim, almost ominous lighting makes it way too sketchy for me to ride there at night, especially alone.  I think if it was better lit, there would be more traffic at night - a good thing!  The grass is also a bit patchy and lumpy and poop filled, but bring a blanket and try to avoid the poop.  You will most likely find me simply enjoying the panhandle on a walk or bike ride, as I prefer GG park for lounging, but the panhandle is a nice oasis.
A wise friend of mine once described the Panhandle as the poor man's Golden Gate Park. I agree with this description wholeheartedly. It's the park I go to when I want to drink beer outside on a weekend afternoon, watch some old guys doing Tai Chi, play frisbee in the sun or see my local homeless guy (usually camped out at Oak and Lyon) doing something inappropriate with his pants down. What more could one want out of a park?! And when all the little white flowers poke through the grass and start to bloom in the summer - this is just about my favorite place on earth.
My high school reunion is coming this Saturday.  My inner voice has NOT been nice to me.Inner Voice: "Hey Fat Ass, you gonna lose any weight by next Saturday?"Me: "I've been trying this whole month!"IV: "Doing laps around the living room and refrigerator door arm pulls doesn't count as exercise, Lazy."Me: " Well I've been tired."IV: "You're gonna show up pudgy and soft to your reunion.  You know you weren't cool back then...pathetic. You won't have any redemption based on your looks, Lard-o."Me: "Shut up!  At least I don't have braces anymore and big ass geek glasses."IV: "Go run around The Panhandle, Chunky. You aren't married with kids so you at least have to look hot."Me: "Fine! Geez! So mean."Can you lose 5lbs in a week?  I'll will be trying everyday this week.  God I hate running.
so you're asking how can someone hate on a park at all, is a park for gods sake.  I like to take my friends dog for a walk in the Panhandle and stroll there myself and observe the mix of bikers, homeless folks, youngsters rolling blunts, runners, families, and dog walkers.  I like this place, but when you find human feces on a regular basis and it is always relatively grimy it's hard to go for more than 3 stars.  It's kind of a transit park, either people are in transit from one place to another or the people sleeping there are in transit from one place to another. Definitely worth checking out, but not the best place to bring a blanket and take a nap, partly because it is shady due to the trees and partly because you never know what your blanked is covering.
I never realized how much I really disliked the panhandle until I had my baby.  One day I tried sitting with her on the grass, and I realized that the traffic is so damn loud, and look, there it goes by on Masonic, and Oak, and Fell, and Baker, etc.  Basically, you are sitting in the middle of a traffic roundabout.  And then there's the puddles, and the bum camps, and the hobo occupied benches.  The path on the north side is well paved, and quite busy, if not a little bit nerve wracking because of the speed demons making use of it.  So, because I was whining about this, my husband told me that the south path doesn't allow bikes (as, no joke, 3-4 bikes come off the path).  So we take the stroller on the south path, and good god, IT NEEDS TO BE REPAVED!!!  Even for the safety of my baby, I am not taking my stroller on that side.  No one should even jog on that side.  The Panhandle is great for those of us who live very close to it.  It's an easy spot to barbeque in, and the playground is decent.  BUT, for the most part, it is a means to an end.  We are all just using it to get to Golden Gate Park, because who the hell would want to walk down Haight St.?
While I love Golden Gate Park to death, this little slice of grass is one I avoid at all costs.Between the haphazard piles of dogshit and mud puddles all over the place it's easy to come out of the panhandle looking like you live there. Not cool.
I enjoy this break from riding down the street and battling cars. I will trade fighting auto-traffic for fighting pedestrians anytime. And you cant beat the adorable car-shaped signs on the bike path that say "evil monsters ahead" as you get to the street. I wish the pedaphile pedestrians would stay on the pedestrian side but what do you expect from people who don't ride a bike....Although I haven't used it as a park, instead of a bike path, since they tore down the Band Shell. And on that note you will find the missing star. WHY DID YOU TAKE DOWN THE BANDSHELL!!!???Impromptu jazz sessions and blue-grass jugg bands on a lazy afternoon...it was everything I liked about SF. and now it's gone. Gone to an Island where noone lives (treasure island) and will be used about 1/10th the time. Stoopid fart faces.
I liked better before it became an RV park.
God I love this park! When the weather is just right its the perfect place in the city to just sit, relax and enjoy the breeze. Even though hippies and hobos can be found lurking in the bushes its still the place we all manage to meet at on a Sunday afternoon.
Yeah, I had to write a song about this place....The Panhandle (To the tune of 'Cats in the Cradle' by Harry Chapin)There's a thin little park in the city by the bayLooks like a strip of green, in the usual wayBut there are crazy things happenin' here every dayA lot of them I guess I really shouldn't sayAnd as I take a little stroll, walking right on through,I'd say "I'm gonna have a good time here, boyI think I'll have a good time here."And the pan's on the handle between Fell and OakGroups of grungy kids all enjoying a tokeCrazy homeless man yelling words at youThere's dog poo on my shoe, boy,There's dog poo on my shoooooe....There's Stanyan to the West, and Baker to the EastCome here on the weekend for a picnic feastReaders, bikers, frisbees, and dogsStep outta the way as the jogger jogsAnd when I see the cute girls in their summer gearI'd say "I'm gonna have a good time here, boyI think I'll have a good time here."And the pan's on the handle between Fell and OakGroups of grungy kids all enjoying a tokeCrazy homeless man yelling words at youThere's dog poo on my shoe, boy,There's dog poo on my shoooooe....--Eat yer heart out Yankovic
This park/side roadway is awesome for bikers and others that stroll to get to the park. It's like a freeway. We need more of these type of roadways in the city. It's very practical and relaxing. Go check this place out. I think it's a mere 3-4 blocks long. I'm not sure how many blocks because I ride my bike fast. It begins were DMV starts and ends on Stanyan.( or vise versa)
Dear Panhandle Park,I visit you multiple times a day with my dogs. I like you. alot, actually. You're nothing fancy. No sweeping views of the city, No landmark victorian houses or breathtaking landscaping.  But you're functional and friendly and convenient.  I've yet to break my bicycle out on your paths, but that's next on my list. Currently you are the destination in the multiple potty break adventures of our boston terrier and chihuahua mix.  We promise to always pick up after our dogs if you promise to keep growing those little bitty white flowers that make me smile everytime I see them.Love, (your neighbor)Melissa
The panhandle is the Only place to play basketball in this town, IMO.Among other things it's good for: bike riding, roller blading, running, walking, jogging, cartwheels, backflips, picnicking, jumping mid-air high fiving, hugging friends, kissing lovers, doing it (I saw two people doing it under a blanket once & they seemed to be enjoying themselves, so why not?), etc.I would also recommend panhandling in the panhandle, because I've always appreciated the irony therein.
Having lived for a while in a smallish European nation which shall remain anonymous for purposes of this review (hint: click through my profile photos), where the concept of "curb your dog" is frequently ignored, I have become a master of nimbly dodging and weaving my way through shit-smeared city streets without ever stepping in pooch poo.  But for the less visually astute among us, WATCH YOUR STEP!  There's a reason this verdant slice of urban beautification is known as Dog Shit Park.
dear panhandle,how are you doing today?I hope this finds you in good spirits...How am I you ask? oh thanks for asking.I am in an allergic /hivey tizzy thanks to you. All it took was driving,not walking,not sitting in you,Driving with the window down twice on saturday and I have been fucked up.red ,splotchy,overdosing myself with allegra.EUCALYPTUS IS THE WORK OF THE DEVILin other news I almost got arrested here for lighting off fireworks but that was cool
The 'CHEERS' of parks. If you're a neighborhoodie, just try to walk/run/bike through and not see someone you know. I love that.Although I mostly use it as my warm up to a G.G. Park run, I enjoy it for what it is... a long skinny silly strip of humongous trees, homeless on benches, basketball courts, tai-chi-ers, a playground, sprinklers in every direction but towards the grass, and always the person you look at like what the F?Sometimes I wonder if the irregular shape of the park itself attracts irregulars. I think the answer is yes...and I'm happy SF is full of so many irregularities such as the Panhandle.
This is long, and in my most self righteously indignant tone, I'll claim that I deserve it. Read on.This is where I go running several times a week since it's in the hood (and by "the" I mean "my").  I was tempted to subtract a star for lack of hills, but second guessed that decision as unfair. So I'll stick with things that can actually be controlled and subtract stars for those instead.I love the panhandle. It's usually sunnier than the rest of the park, and you see cool things like badminton matches taking place next to a troupe of madly hula hooping pregnant women. Pickup basketball in the park is a plus (though I don't play...unless there's a game specificially for those under 5'2", in which case, call me, yo!), lots of runners, bikers...you're never alone, so even running early in the morning feels safe.EXCEPT that one time.That one time: I was running, by myself, in broad daylight, mid-afternoon, when a man jumped onto the pedestrian path directly in my way. I tried dodging him left and right, but he blocked me wherever I turned. I started yelling at him. "What are you doing?" "Let me go!" "Ok, PLEASE let me go!" But he would not get his patchouli stankin' beard out of my face. His face was about 1/2 an inch away from mine, and to this day I can still smell him. ***insert heebie jeebie shivers here*** Finally I tried to butt him out of my way using my body weight, but he butted me back harder, nearly knocking me to the ground. He was finally out of my way, but I stood there as he looked on, completely stunned after having been some weird variation on attacked in the park.Now, I can more readily forgive the cracked out dude responsible than the many runners and bikers who passed right by the incident and merely glanced at us before continuing on their merry way. I know they saw it, and I know they chose to ignore my yelling.My plea to you, fellow San Franciscans, is to come to the aid of those who are being victimized or otherwise in need. I truly hope someone else would do the same for you.But back to the Panhandle itself: I love guerrilla warnings about "Death Monsters Ahead" spray painted on the bike path, the random Burning Man public art pieces that mysteriously pop up and just as mysteriously disappear, and the overall chill vibe to that stretch of the park.More hills would be cool, fewer streets intersecting the park would be great, drivers who actually look for runners and bikers crossing from one span to another would be ginormously wonderful (so one star subtracted for those drivers), but given what we have to work with, I'll say the panhandle is a pretty excellent place.But were there a ballot initiative, I'd favor a ban on patchouli in the panhandle.
Pocket Park extraordinaire!I did a fair amount of my grad work in urban planning specifically focusing on park/open space planning.  I appreciate commuities' efforts to carve out open space and have well utilized park spaces.  This is one of the reasons I love living in SF and why I am am a member of SF Parks Trust.  If you love parks please look into this organization...sfpt.orgNow the skinny.  This park makes the absolute most of such a highly constrained place.  As mentioned by prior users busy streets border the north and south.  In between, the park is well stocked (plant-wise) w/ fragrant bushes and great mature trees.  Also, the running/bike road path that loops around is well paved and wide enough for multiple users.Also what makes a park great is how well utilized it is.  Any trip though one can spot a myriad of people doing different activities.  The place is great for B-Ball, soccer practice, jogging, biking, picnicking, etc...often you'll see all that and more.The place is well kept as well.  There only a couple spots in the paths that have mud put it is easily avoidable.  Lastly, what makes a park great is its ability to provide connectivity and transitions.  Amidst two major neighborhoods to the north and south it provides a well delineated marker as well a much needed breath of fresh air for a N--S trajectory.  It also provides a great introduction to the the city's ultimate park or it provides a feeling of transition from the park back to urban-ness.Cheers to those who made this park possible and their foresight.
I am writing this review based on driving along the panhandle.  For some reason, people that drive in this area are the WORST drivers in the city.  Either that or I'm the worst driver.  I can't drive on Oak on any given day and not almost rear end someone because they stop at the last minute or not signal for a parking space along the park or see someone get OWNED by a cop that could see the car run the red light from a mile away.  Turning onto Masonic is also a nightmare because no one goes to the correct lanes.Fell isn't any better.  For some reason, there aren't cops on this side of the panhandle and no one even slows down for red lights and just keeps going at night.  One more thing, people need to learn how to park closer than two feet away from the curb.Other than that, the panhandle looks pretty nice to walk around and maybe play some basketball.
A decent basketball court, its a big full court.  On a saturday afternoon there were enough people to play 5's for a few hours.  The competition was decent.  No one horrible, and also no one dunking from the freethrow line.  Overall one of the better pickup basketball courts I've found in SF.
I view the GGP and Panhandle as two separate entities - sure, the panhandle is the gateway to the park but the two are in fact quite different.  The panhandle, although not as secluded or natural as the park by any means, is a place to read, eat, play catch, relax, drink, and smoke among honking cars, dogs and bike riders.  The grass can sometimes be worn-down and even non-existent in the Handle.  Bring a blanket! For a more quaint and peaceful experience simply walk west down the panhandle into Golden Gate Park.
This narrow arm of Golden Gate Park is so nice, you may feel tempted to bring a sleeping bag and spend a night under the stars.  And by "you" I mean "friendly homeless people" (the name Panhandle gets a whole new meaning).  Amid the slumber party you'll find lots of dogs playing fetch, joggers, bikers, and even a couple of elderly thai-chi masters.Paved trails can get pretty puddly after the rain, inspiring killer jump-spin moves to keep dry (expect high-fives).  One loop is about a mile and a half.
Best place for public drunkenness near USF. The cops don't care what you do here. It is fun to watch the expression on joggers faces when they see a dozen drunken freshman sings "Stairway To Heaven." Grab a 40 and go "panhandling;" all the cool kids are doing it.
Ever since I moved to San Francisco, I have been absolutely enamored with the Panhandle. It is Golden Gate Park's skinnier and less pretentious sister. Now, a year later, I am fortunate enough to live a mere three blocks away from its greatness. When I return to my house after a delightful romp through the park, its smell accompanies me and lingers in my room, perfuming it with that earthy eucalyptus. I love running through here, although playing Frogger across Masonic might someday get me into trouble ("death monsters ahead"). It is not at all touristy...a real "people's park", if you will. The Panhandle has its flaws, but they make it all the more endearing.
The endearing "Death monsters ahead" signs spray-painted on the bike trails get me every time.  This place is wonderful for alone time, hanging out with kids, walking dogs, or getting to know the homeless people in SF who have good enough taste to sleep in that awesome recycled music dome.  It doesn't have a view like Alamo Square, which is relatively close, but at least you don't have to deal with all those German tourists taking WAY too many pictures of the Full House house.  "Hey Franz, you DO know that Danny Tanner talks about vaginas and dicks, right?  And he uses the f-word quite often now."  Yes, in true San Franciscan fashion, crush the foreigners' dream and take up as much space as possible for a good one-on-one game of ultimate frisbee.
The best place to walk off your gigantic Pork Store breakfast on the weekends. Filled with cuties (aka dogs), kids playing, athletic people jogging (bless them) and on sunny days, women tanning themselves and people barbecuing. It ends at the hateful DMV and starts at one of the most horrible intersections in the city, so my driving ego doesn't like it; my teacher taught me how to change lanes driving around the Panhandle (so if I cut you off, sorry!) .  I would not walk around here at night as it is very poorly lit, but during the day I've always felt fairly safe. That homeless people hang out here is a fact of SF life and homeless people hang out in parks in every major city - would you prefer it if parks started charging admission?
Best enjoyed in a light rain.
i'm in yr panhandlez, drinkin yr lickerz
i live in the lower haight and am training for the sf half marathon, so i often run through the panhandle to get into the park for my long runs.  while it's lovely to have green space between two fairly high traffic roads, i am getting more and more annoyed with the panhandle's population of homeless, strung out, stoned, perverted and otherwise disreputable individuals.  it gets one star for extending the reach of golden gate park that little bit further.  it gets an extra star for the people on a park bench who cheered me on at the end of a particularly long run for no apparent reason.  but i can't give it more than that because of the creepy man making eye contact with jogging girls from his squatting position on the edge of one of the trails.  if he was relieving himself- he should find a more secluded area.  if he was pleasuring himself - gross.
The finest dog toilet in San Francisco. The finest treadmill in San Francisco. I do wish the city would fill in the endlessly waterlogged path connecting Lyon Street. Once upon a time, this was a stream that fed into Mission Creek, but that's all underground now, soon to be re-revealed by seismic activity. For fun, check out the never-ending hole forming on Baker between Oak and Page. They fill it in, it sinks, they fill it more, it sinks, they fill it more, it sinks. I predict a sinkhole.
