If you are a TRUE Disney fan. You will love this place. But if you only love Disneyland because it's the happiest place on earth, you will be bored easily.I am love Disney, so when I found out about this place, I knew I had to come here. There is so much history about Walt Disney that I did not know. This place is so amazing. I was mind blown. Definitely a family place to come to if you want to learn the history behind Walt's life/ career. I will definitely come back here again!
The exhibits were impressive, but the supreme aspect of this attraction is the museum design, decor, and the way the exhibitions are displayed. It's absolutely beautiful. Stop and read the signs. They will tell you a unique history of a remarkable man. My favorite artifact was the multi-plane camera. Spend extra time learning how geniuses figured out how to do what is all done by code programmers today. It's actually not that fun for kids. Don't let the Disney name fool you. You will enjoy it much more without littles.
Ever since this opened, being the Disneyaholic that I am, I have wanted to go. I had read a lot on Walt's life already but I was excited to see a lot of items from his life in person and whatever else the museum had. I was pleasantly surprised by how large it was (17 galleries I believe?). I was picturing maybe 3 big rooms. The museum has a nice flow to it. The first floor is his childhood and life before Disney and then you hop on the adorable elevator themed like a train car and ride up to the second floor where you enter Hollywood. The little details of this place are what make it as magical as the man himself, even down to the light hearted Disney sound track that plays throughout. Even having read books on his life, I still learned things I'd never known about him. The highlight for me was the grand model of Walt's dream of Disneyland, but there are a lot of other interactive areas that I wasn't expecting and loved like the animatronic tiki room bird you can learn how to animate.I think kids might find this museum a bit heavy on the reading and old timey pictures, but teens and adults who love Disney should enjoy this place. We went in the morning on a rainy Friday and I was shocked that there was a good amount of people in there so it seems to still be a happening place. Parking was very easy and plentiful right outside the museum but you will have to pay. I would say we were in and out of the museum in little over an hour with just having scanned over everything they have.
The Walt Disney Family Museum is by far one of the true masterpieces of this city. If you're a big fan of Disney, there's zero doubt in my mind that this should be on your bucket list. From the moment I saw the first gallery, you could say I went on a "feel trip". Man, it was so bittersweet to see all the history about these amazing films that consumed my entire childhood. The way they were made, the process that Walt Disney went through, etc. it's easy to think that these were simple films to make. Think again. Walt was constantly being challenged to basically beat time itself. He revolutionized animation in a way we will never truly understand. Every gallery that I entered went deeper and deeper into his career and the love and passion that he put into this work up until that day that he died. Look at Disney today, it's a constant reminder of what Walt has brought to every new generation. Just an incredible experience.I highly suggest allowing yourself at least 1 hour for the museum, though if you want to truly see (and hear) everything, I would recommend planning for 2 hours. You also don't want to miss out on the gift shop! I mean, that is unless you are tight on your budget, then I highly suggest steering In a different direction (as you may spend 2-3 times the actual ticket price on awesome Disney stuff).Warning: the final gallery that displays Walt Disney's death is an absolute heart breaker. So sad, yet a very proper way to end what is an amazing presentation. Final verdict: Walt Disney Family Museum is a must visit, a bucket list item for any true Disney fan, an adventure, a learning experience, a fun filled hour that truly let's you immerse yourself in the world that Walt Disney helped us build today.
We quickly strolled through the museum after attending Picnic in the Presidio a few weeks back. We have a reciprocal membership, so our family got in free of charge. First let me say, the location is beautiful! The green, grassy field, with views of the water, is gorgeous. The museum is well organized and great if you want history of Walt Disney, the man and creator. As many have stated, this is NOT good for children or any type of "fun". It's far too formal.
This museum is located in The Presidio next to the GG Bridge. I attended this museum last week while on a business trip on a weekday. The cost of admission for an adult is $20. Do not park directly in front of the museum building as that is by permit only. Paid parking is across the lawn from the museum in the parking lot. I would budget 2-3 hours to go through the museum. There is a cafe and gift shop attached.The displays chronicle the life of Walt Disney from birth to death. He was an entertainment icon to the entire world. Walt's contributions to film, television, music and theme parks is incomparable to anyone in history. This museum does an excellent job in telling the great story of this great man. This is a worthwhile attraction for you to see while in the SF area.
I was in San Francisco for a 24-hour period from Orlando, and still managed to make time to visit the Disney Museum - PRIORITIES!I've heard about this place in the past, and always thought it would be so cool to see it in-person. I'm an enormous Disney Lover. A mouskateer, if you will. I ubered up the windy SF streets to the gorgeous location in Presidio Park with stunning views of the Golden Gate Bridge to this suburban-ish street with a building that looked like a family home. I walked inside to the front desk and presented my student ID (they give discounts, $15 instead of $20) and paid for my entry. I didn't book ahead of time because after doing my research it didn't seem necessary. However, if you're traveling at a busy time of year, I would suggest it. You wouldn't want to miss out!The entry room consists of a lot of mementos from Walt's childhood, as well as his extremely impressive case of Oscar trophies. My personal favorite being the time he won an Oscar for Snow White and they presented him with one regular trophy along with 7 mini ones :)The museum basically walks you through his life in chronological order. You start with learning about Walt's father's life, and then Walt's childhood, followed by his series of successes and failures before he became the man we know and love today. The museum is very modern and media heavy. Lots of screens showing you different videos and the animation process. There is also a hands-on aspect in some of the rooms where you can interact with various things. The coolest rooms in my opinion are at the end. There is a giant active replica of the Disneyland park that Walt knew. There are also some animations you can interact with such as the tiki room bird.Bring tissues, If you are as big of a Walt fan as I am, the last room will tug at your heart strings. It's full of artwork that was published when his death rocked the globe, and personal commentaries from close friends on how they felt when they heard the sad news.If you are a Disney fan, this is a must see!
Located in the Presidio district, The Walt Disney Family Museum is interesting in that it's in San Francisco rather than Burbank or Anaheim. I didn't understand - nor was I informed of - the connection between San Francisco and Walt Disney's life. Anyway, my cousins and I had never been, but stumbled upon The Walt Disney Family Museum after seeing over 600 reviewers give this museum 4.5 stars. Due to inclement weather, our plans for biking were nixed and we decided to visit this museum instead.The admission ticket costs $15 with student ID and $20 for a regular adult. The museum itself goes through Walt Disney's personal and professional life in chronological order. From humble beginnings and difficulties Walt encountered (financial obstacles, strikes, wars, politics), to well-known successes (theme park, box office success like Snow White) and end-of-life and posthumous events, The Walt Disney Family Museum was thorough, detailed, informative, and interesting. Even for someone who is not super interested in all things Disney, I could appreciate what the museum had to offer. I would recommend this museum for rainy days, for Disney lovers, for tourists and locals alike looking to get cultured in an unconventional way.
This museum is tucked in the back of the Presidio among the red brick buildings. There's a simple sign out front and it's easy to miss, but once inside, you've arrived at a wonderful interactive look into the life of Walt Disney. Even if you're not a huge Disney fan, this museum is great for anyone interested in history or technology as it covers not only Walt's life story, but gives you a glimpse into the modernization of the motion picture industry. You travel decade by decade through his life and gain an appreciation for all the work that went into making movies in the first half of the 20th century. There are photos and artifacts from his life as well as Disney memorabilia. Lots of interactive exhibits allow you to hear Walt's stories through his own words. You can end your day in the gift shop or cafe.
My boyfriend brought me here for the 3 day weekend. I never been to a museum ( I know such an amateur) so he brought me to a fun Disney one since we are going to Disneyland soon! :)Super cute museum, I never knew the Disney museum was located here. There are different rooms inside like a timeline of how Disney started. It pretty interesting to see the history of how everything was created and some interesting history also! Definitely worth a trip, its a good 2-3 hours of discovery there. They have this whole 3-D module of Disneyland, it was super cool and the Oscars were cool to see up close!The location of this museum is beautiful, up at presidio and you can see the gold gate bridge and bay!
Visiting the Disney Family Museum was a last minute decision. I'm glad we decided to drop by. After paying an entrance fee of $20 each we started the walk through. It was awesome seeing how cartoon animation started and how Walt Disney ultimately left his legacy. The sketches, audio clips, and short films give you a glimpse of just how much work was put into cartoon animation. If you're a Disney fan and/or a fan of the historical aspects or cartoon animation, I would recommend taking some time to check it out. Part of walking through involves a nice view from part of the building so you will be able to catch a nice pic. The retail shop is what it is expected to be....cute stuff but a little pricey. They did have some unique items, though, so take a look and you might find something you like!
For the days when we can't make it down to Anaheim for Disneyland, this will do.I'm so glad I was finally able to get around to visiting this museum. For any disney lover (or really anyone in my opinion), this place is a must-see. The museum walks you through the life of Walt Disney from his first attempts at cartooning to the legacy he left with the empire he built. It was amazing and incredibly inspiring to really learn more about the life of someone who brought so much magic into the world.There's tons of parking though you'll likely have to pay by the hour. They of course have a gift shop and they also have a cafe! Admission prices aren't too steep - definitely bring your student ID for the discount. Set aside at least 2 hours to walk through it all. There's so much to see and learn. It was a wonderful experience and I'll definitely be back again!
My dad being a Disney nut that he was, well, I guess you can say it rubbed off on me a little.  I would like to say I like all things Disney (except the damn price hikes!).  When I found out that there was a museum devoted to Walt Disney's life and that it was in San Francisco, I knew that was going to be on my bucket list.To get there, you have to drive through a neighborhood called "The Presidio".  I would assume cost of living here is probably even more exorbitant than the rest of SF.  Hell, you would never know CA was in a drought when driving through...  When you arrive, they have street parking, a large lot out front, and a small lot in the rear.  Expect to pay $5 at the most for parking.The actual museum has a theatre, a gift shop, a café, and a special exhibit building as well.  Buy your tickets in the main building.  I paid $30 for the combo, which included the "Disney & Dali" exhibit which runs until early January. In the ticketing area, they have a few pieces of memorabilia before actually entering the museum (for all you cheapskates out there!).  Behind the ticket desk is the entry to the main museum.  Please note you can take pictures, but not with flash.  The museum pretty much is a walk through Walt's life- which if you didn't know about his upbringing, it is a great rags to riches story.  I would like to say that a lot of people don't realize how many times Walt failed throughout his life before actually succeeding.  During his upbringing, they discuss the birth of Mickey Mouse, and then the rest of his famous animations.  A lot of stuff here are one of a kind, and you will not find anywhere else.  They have a room devoted to each animation he created (Snow White, Bambi, etc)- with original drawings of the characters.  Cool to see.After a little more of seeing that, it goes to a room that is all things Disneyland.  Pretty cool stuff in there.  It even has a talking parrot explaining what Audio Animatronics are, and how it works- you get to play with it first hand!At last is a room discussing Walt's death, and the impact he had made on the world.  That pretty much sums up the main exhibit.  After soaking that in, you can head to the special exhibit hall, if you paid for it.Now, for an extra $10, I blazed through the building in probably less than 5 minutes.  However, it contained stuff that I knew I would probably never see ever again.  This exhibit hall prohibited pictures of any kind as well.  If you don't mind spending the $10 to see it, then I would suggest checking it out.I never got the chance to see the movie in the theater downstairs (but I know they have clips of it and stuff in Disney World, so I wasn't too bummed).  I strolled through the gift shop, but it seemed like the majority of the stuff was 3rd party items.Knowing that I would probably only have one chance to see the private side of Walt's life, I figured I should spend the money on it.  But I probably wouldn't keep coming back at the cost of admission.  With that being said, prepare to drop a few bucks and make sure you come here at least once if you have the time.  If you are not a Disney fan, this may convince you otherwise.
A cool experience filled with animations and voice commentary from Walt himself. They even have a small soup and sandwich cafe if your looking for a small lunch break from learning. 9 galleries with tons of history and back story including the entire Disney family.   The museum covers topics like how Walt got into animation, his life in the military, relationship with his mother and father, and the global impact of his death on the public. You get your money's worth with the amount of information they put into the tour.P.S. The tour can easily take 4+ hours to complete depending on how much knowledge you feel like digesting.**Kid Tip**: This might not be the best venue for kids. As i perused the I noticed many kids looking quite bored after the 6th gallery.
Being big Disney fans, we visited Disneyland and of course, it was only logical to go to The Walt Disney Family Museum. Adult admission is $20, kids under 6 are free, and you get $5 off if you're a student.  This museum is about the life of Walt Disney and the amusement parks are just a small piece of Walt's legacy. It's a self-guided tour between two floors. Walt's family life and professional life are presented by his daughter in a loving and interesting series of galleries full of memorabilia, photos, and very well done multimedia presentations. It was an amazing journey through Walt Disney's life. There were so many things to read about his life, timeline of events and recordings at every station . If you are a fun of W. Disney you will find it engaging and truly inspiring about how a very talented and determined Walt Disney put his stamp on everything related to his company and built an entertainment powerhouse from very modest beginnings. Plan on at least 4 hours and spend time in the details - it is fascinating and enjoyable. There's also a small gift shop, offered a few original t-shirts, pins and key chains. Near the end of the tour, be sure to take your time to soak in the amazing views of the Golden Gate bridge as you walk towards the finale. Then you enter a room that contains a very cool miniature of Disneyland that is completely decked out and very detailed.
Pros: Honestly, this is probably the best museum I've ever been to. Yes, I am definitely bias because of my strong affinity and respect for Walt Disney but seriously such a well done museum. They really kept a beautiful archive of Walt Disney's life from his humble roots to his breath taking pioneering feats! I've learned so much at this museum and quite inspired at the huge risks this man took to achieve his dream of blessing others. Although the outside may look small, it is actually quite large! If you have some background of Disney movies, you'll love the history behind it! The museum is also very interactive with things to touch and play with! There is also plenty of parking next to the museum and across the way with a parking lot. Cons: Nothing really besides maybe wishing the bookstore was a little bigger with more things. Overall: LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Highly recommended for Disney lovers but also museum lovers in general.
Wasn't quite sure what to expect from this place, but was pleasantly surprised! I wouldn't consider myself a HUGE Disney fan, but I definitely enjoy going to Disneyland and such every now and then. So if you're somewhat like me and at least enjoy Disney things, I think you'll like this place. Located in the Presidio, there is a lot of parking available, which is definitely on the rare side for SF. Make sure you pay for your parking tho, since the pay stations are not as abundant as you might expect. There is even a sign on the door entrance to the museum reminding you to pay, so hopefully you won't get a ticket or anything.The staff working at the museum was very friendly and helpful, and really explained the different options available for admission. It is a little pricey for a regular adult entrance ($20), and they said to block out a few hours to see everything.The museum itself was pretty interesting. Really detailed the life of Walt Disney and all that he envisioned and created very well. The layout was great. One spot in the museum has gorgeous views of Golden Gate Bridge as well. All in all, I highly recommend checking out this place when you're in SF and have a couple hours free!
Set aside at least 3 hours to visit this museum.Thankfully we came here on a leisurely Sunday, but we spent 4 hours in the museum and had to quicken our pace after 2 hours because we realized we were still learning about Snow White (what about technicolor?). Full disclosure: I don't consider myself a huge Disney Enterprise fan, but it was fascinating to learn about Walt Disney, his lesser known brother, and the creativity behind this enormous cultural and business (and technology) influence that is Disney. Great story, wonderfully told.Also visited the Disney/Dali exhibit which is in a building behind the family museum. Much shorter, less than an hour needed. Has a fun drawing area for kids.Pro tip: Walk faster in the beginning so you aren't pooped out by the time you reach all the colorful and interactively techie stuff.Great for the whole family, ask for a AAA discount!
If you are in the San Francisco area and..............you are a Disney Fan............you like to learn a little about history......................you love films of all kinds..................your an engineer..........and you're an adult.........................you will find plenty to keep you tuned in.I really cannot understand why anyone would bring their children here.............We spent 2 full hours reading, watching and trying to figure out ---how did they do that?  By the time we went down to the bathroom on the bottom floor and saw there was more to see, we were exhausted.There are no rides here, no characters...............just a timeline of what Disney did when, how he created new technology and entertained people for decades.Bring Student ID if you have it, or triple "A" also gets you a discount.I don't know that I'd go back , but this is certainly a great place to visit if in the area.
What a tear jerker! The second I stepped into the museum I was transported to being 5 years old again. From "Steamboat Willie" to "The Sword in the Stone", this experience is an amazing portrayal of not only Walt Disney himself, but the franchise that is Disney. I found myself remembering films that I had seen decades ago, but didn't know that they were Disney productions. Walt was truly a visionary ahead of his time.Allow yourself minimum of 2.5 hours as there is a LOT to take in. Actually, it's almost overwhelming. I went with my mother so, it was nice to be able to chat about our experiences with Disney even though we are generations apart. I suppose that's the beauty of Disney films and productions. By the time I had come to the end of the exhibit, I was in tears. Good tears though :) I won't give away as to why, but you'll figure it out during your next visit. Thanks Walt.
I never even knew there was a Disney Museum so when I yelped "things to do" in the San Francisco area & saw it, I had to make a stop! the location is absolutely beautiful. there are several buildings near the Museum, a fairly big field of grass in the front and plenty of free parking.my boyfriend & I got the student discount ($15) and went straight in. there is plenty to learn & see in the self guided tour. it was really interesting to read about Walt's life and the creativity behind his cartoons. my favorite part was obviously the miniature figure of disneyland! we ran through the museum in about an hour and a half; maybe because we weren't so into self guiding ourselves but it was still interesting. I do wish they had a guided option for those who get side tracked and bored. lol will I return? probably not. was it worth it? depends on your interest in Walt Disney. personally, I think its best for 1. huge disney-fanatics & 2. parents with their children.
I worked at Disneyland nearly four years throughout college. During that time, I learned quite a bit about Walt and the parks. Three years later, I finally found time to visit the museum, and I'm happy I did. I visited on a Wednesday, so there weren't many visitors. There were a few school tour groups that made it hard to focus on some of the exhibits since their guide was discussing details on a walking tour pretty loud. They always moved on quickly however. There were many details about Walt's childhood and early years in animation that I never knew. The museum has lots of cool photos that you should look at closely and read all the captions. The final exhibit nearly made me cry seeing the true impact Walt's life had on the world. I think we probably stayed for about two hours. It's not the largest museum and it's very text-heavy on displays, but you go at your own pace and the exhibits are chronological, which I enjoyed. Definitely worth a visit if you're in San Francisco. Plus, the view of the Golden Gate Bridge is spectacular.
Location: The Walt Disney Family Museum is located in the Presidio in SF. Translation = lots of relatively cheap parking (for SF that is!) and a GREAT view of the bay and Golden Gate Bridge if you walk around the back of the museum. There are not many places that are easy to park and feel so open in SF but the Presidio is one of them! It doesn't hurt when you run into a pop up food truck event there once in awhile too! Museum stuff: As far as museums go, if you are a Disneyphile like myself - this place is a must. TONS of memorabilia from the development of Walt's first cartoons and movies to the idea and development for Disneyland and WDW! It's a little pricy to get in - $20 for adults ($15 for students) but to me its always worth it to see the collection of pure Disney in one place. Also, take note that they have different speakers and events once awhile - last time we were there, they were screening a couple of early animated movies (can't recall which right now - sleeping beauty maybe?) which were FREE. You just had to let them know earlier so they could give you a ticket for the theater and reserve your seat. There's a small cafe inside the museum which serves some pretty nice food - pricy of course, since theres usually not a lot of options for food around there, but good for a small snack. Overall: Of course we will probably be back someday. Disney fans - go as soon as you can if you haven't been yet!
If you're looking to have a relaxing, educational, fun, and relatively cheap activity in the city, there's no better choice than the Walt Disney family museum. Honestly you don't even have to be a huge Disney fan to enjoy this place. As long as you're a somewhat cultured person who enjoys learning and being entertained this place will not disappoint you. If you're a student, a valid student ID will bring down your admission fee from $20 to $15. Parking here is great too because there's a massive parking lot across the museum with low parking fees of $1.20 per hour (you won't need more than 2.5-3 hours). The museum takes you through the life and family of Walt Disney going from his childhood to education to starting his own studio, the world war, his creation of Disneyland and eventually his death. It's colorful, educational, and perfect for people of all ages and walks of life.
This is like a hidden SF gem! This place is so so so cool. I went on a Wednesday so it wasn't crowded at all and it was super easy to find parking. Admission is only $15 for students so bring your student ID! Before you enter the museum there is a little cafe that has hot and cold beverages as well as yummy sandwiches so you can have a snack before you enter. And I recommend doing so because there is no where to buy drinks inside. There are SO many cool things to see inside. From original Mickey Mouse sketches to Walt Disney's miniature collection. My favorite was seeing a 1937 Cartier Snow White & the Seven Dwarves charm bracelet in the Snow White room. This place will make you appreciate Disney so much more. 5 stars!
As a mini Disney fan, going to the museum was a treat.  It is owned by the Disney family, not the corporation.  Tastefully executed.  Located in the beautiful Presidio.  We took the bus out here instead of driving.  They offer AAA discounts.Make sure you go there with enough time to absorb everything.  Up to 3 hours.  There are some pretty cool things that you'll get to see that don't exist at Disneyland.
I absolutely love the Walt Disney museum!! I love learning about how Disney came to be. The entire museum is filled with loads of information on Walt Disney and his company. Lots of original sketches of the early stages of mickey mouse and original sketches from our favorite childhood movies :) My favorite part is always the model of Disneyland, but it always makes me miss Disneyland :( The staff is super friendly and always helpful, so I will be regularly coming back just to get a little piece of Disney :)
Wow!! If love Disney and you love Disneyland you will absolutely down all day here!! Amazing place for ALL ages!!
The Disney museum is located inside Presidio park  in San Francisco.  Parking is metered and needs to be prepaid at the meter terminal.  Display your paid receipt on your dashboard. I paid for 2 hours and found that it was enough time to go through the museum.  If you decide to watch the featured Disney classic movie, an additional couple hours may be needed.The museum provided me with lots of info and history of the Disney Family and how Walt started.  After touring here I appreciated the brand and looking forward to my next visit to the themed park.  Some additional notes:-If you get hungry during your visit, there is food available for purchase at cafe.-Disney movie classic played in the theather and is included with your admission ticket.-Open studio ( hands on learning experience) is currently only available during the weekends.Enjoy your visit as I have.
Went for the Walt Disney exhibit and loved it! The museum did a stellar job laying out Walt Disney's life in great detail. The exhibit featured a great deal of original sketches and short films created by the man himself. I thoroughly enjoyed the Disneyland room which featured original plans and models of Disneyland.  The amount of thought and detail Disney put into creating Disneyland is unfathomable. The museum really brought out Walt's determination and his imagination extremely well. They didn't dive to deep into dirty bigotry details though, that would have been an interesting plot twist.  Also checked out the Sal Dali exhibit. I'm a fan of Dali's work but not necessarily a fan of the exhibit. Unlike the Disney museum which featured audible factoids at each station, I had to download an app for an audio tour which was supposed to cue up factoids as I walked thru the exhibit which sounded cool in theory, but didn't actually work. This exhibit was also significantly smaller than the disney museum and wasn't laid out as well. I felt they should have done a better job tying the two artist's exhibits together as well. They were well acquainted at a point in their lives, and I thought that was going to be the focal point/ or binding point of the exhibits but they only talked about the connection in one small area of the Dali exhibit. They should have drawn some parallel between both artists grand imagination and dream worlds they create or something but, nah. They did showcase several letters and sketches the two shared with one another which was very cool to see. Best part of the museum, though, is when you turn one of the corners in the Walt Disney exhibit, you get an immaculate view of the Golden Gate bridge. I'd love to go back and see what else the museum has to offer.
I never had an interest in visiting until I started seeing the Disney x Dali ads all over the city. Thought about coming but just didn't have the time until recently. My friend and I visited on a nice Saturday. The Presidio is really lovely, so that's an added bonus. :) Plenty of parking in the area as well. I don't know if you need to pay for parking on weekends... we forgot to read the signs and therefore didn't pay. Sooo don't be like me and make sure you read the signs just in case.Great museum for Disney fans. I didn't really read up on the museum so I expected more Disney film exhibits versus Walt Disney's life. As people have said, it may not be the best museum for children...  I could see them easily getting bored. I liked seeing all the original drawings and other artwork from his films. The actual history behind his life and other things were kind of a bore and had lots of reading. That's just me though. :\The museum was surprisingly huge! I kept asking myself when it was going to end! It was enjoyable though to have a surprise after each room. Favorite part was definitely the miniature Disneyland!After fiiinaaally getting through the museum, we headed over to the Dali exhibit in the back building. I wasn't that impressed with this exhibit. I just enjoyed the Dali paintings, really.Tickets are $20 for adults for the actual museum itself. A little pricey if you ask me. Thankfully, I have a museum badge and get in freeeee + a friend. The Dali exhibit was extra for $10/adult. Also a bit much for what we saw in there. $20 for the actual museum makes more sense if you compared it to the special exhibit.This is probably gonna be a good, one time visit. Might be a cool place to take out of town visitors.
We thoroughly enjoyed this museum!  There were so many insights into Walt's life, his early struggles and his eventual success. A great place if you're a Disney fan, but also if you are a student of entrepreneurship, personal fortitude and visionary endeavor. Fascinating!
This is truly a piece of history located right in the heart of the Presidio in San Francisco. Any true Disney fan owes it to themselves to make the trek to this spot at least once in their life. The last few months I've been on a Disney adventure of sort. Disney World, Disney wineries, etc. I had never been to this spot even though I've lived in the Bay Area my whole life and being a huge Walt Disney fan. For shame! Well, I soon rectified this by getting my behind over here and checking this place out. First, print out a coupon online as you will save three bucks per person and that can help a little. Basically this the history of Walt Disney, the man, the legend, and the true American icon. You will see items from his early childhood all the way up to his death. The last portion is quite sad, as even though he was dead over twenty year before I was born, I've always felt as if he was still around. I guess that's what having such an amazing legacy will do. There is so much to look at, and we had to rush a bit as we had a later dinner reservation and my cousin was a bit on the bored side. Not I though. There is so much to look at and learn. Either way, true Disney fans need to check it out. Parking isn't free, but the location is amazing.
I loved this!! My parents and I came here over Thanksgiving break because we really enjoy Disneyland and we ended up spending over 6 hours here and still didn't get through everything! My dad had called ahead of time to see how long it normally takes for people to get through the museum and apparently it only takes people under 2 hours regularly, but I think that's because a lot of people don't read all the text and whatnot. I literally wanted to read and see everything, hence why it took so long, but I also think this is why I enjoyed it so much. There was so much history and the text, although lengthy, was incredibly fascinating. I sincerely do not believe that you will fully enjoy this museum as much as I did unless you read everything!Anyway, I will be back for the rooms that I didn't get to. If you're at all interested in Disney (the man or the company), I would say go!
We took an Uber to the Disney Museum. It was nice to see and interesting, but the entrance fee is overpriced for what you get. I liked their model of Disneyland
If you are a Disney lover, this place is a MUST SEE!! Located in the Presidio, The Walt Disney Family Museum is truly a hidden gem! Being a Disney and SF fan, I had never heard of this place until I had done some research on fun places to visit while in the Bay Area. This museum is in the top 10 recommended places to visit. They're open 10am-6pm daily, except for major holidays (they were open on Easter though -- which is the day we went in). Admission is about $20 per person, but well worth the money. I'd plan at least two hours to enjoy the whole museum (wear comfy shoes too!). If you have a car, there is plenty of parking ($3 for three hours tops parking) and there is a MUNI stop about a mile from the museum if you're using public transportation. I learned so much about the history of the Disney family and Disneyland in general while visiting this museum. More than I would have ever known if I hadn't visited this place. My boyfriend enjoyed it too, and he isn't as big of a Disney fan as I am. I learned about Walt Disney's childhood, his struggles growing up, and even how a few people rejected his ideas saying they would "never work". Seeing how his cartoons came to life, as well as his movies, was amazing. Learning more in depth about the building of Disneyland (and how everyone thought he was crazy for building an amusement park as well). I learned more about the park in the 20 minutes I read about it here than I ever did in my four years of being an annual pass holder. There are amazing artifacts and pictures to admire at the museum too. If you are a Disney lover, make the time to come see this museum the next time you're in the city!!Cheers!
This is a small, but well-designed and informative museum on Walt Disney's life and career. The general exhibit on Walt Disney is very well done. I learned a lot about his early life and his career before Walt Disney studios. i also learned about the advances that Walt Disney studio made in regards to animation. The exhibit was filled with original artwork and videos. The exhibit also talked about the development of the Disney parks, and Disney's ventures into television and live-action films. Price was $20 for a ticket for the general exhibit, which I thought was kind of expensive. I think I spent about 1.5 hours in there. They have a cafe with pretty expensive food too.The gift shop has a lot of great items, from figurines, to books, magnets, pencils, and postcards.  Staff is very nice here. I would definitely come back if they have a special exhibit that I'm interested in seeing.
Located in The Presidio.Plenty parking but don't forget to hit the machines to pay for it.. unless your handicapped.Enter the museum. Purchase your ticket for the museum, the separate exhibit or both at a combo price.. I flashed my student ID for a discount. Instead of paying $30 for both, I paid $25. Then I was told that it is recommended to start with the Disney/Dali exhibit (going on thru January 2016) and then go through the museum.The exhibit was in another building. You follow stickers on the cement to a building behind and someone checks your ticket, directs you where to start. This Disney/Dali exhibit had a free audio option. You can download an app and press on the corresponding "stories" of whatever you're looking at, narrated by Sigourney Weaver. She pretty much says what you can read in front of you. It was ok. You do get a little more audio like Walt or someone else speaking but it wasn't detrimental to the experience. It drained my phone and I got to keep the ear buds.Then the museum.. Emphasis on Walt Disney, the man.. his family.. his work. Lots of video, lots of reading, some interactive pieces.. I really enjoyed it but it probably isn't so fun for kids. The museum has a gift shop and a little cafe.. They also show movies that are free but you'll still need to get a ticket for it. The website calendar will list what movie, day, and times if you want to plan ahead.. you can also find any other activities on the calendar that may be going on.I probably spent three hours or so going through the exhibit and museum.
I must admit, I wavered when I found out the museum charged $20 for admission. At the last exhibit, I was ready eyed and wanted to applaud. It was a historical story that tells about Walt Disney's rise to the top. Without being a spoiler, I must say there were many struggles building his dynasty that I did not know about. I actually give this attraction 4.5 stars. I took a half away because I thought the place could use some music to set the tone in each exhibit make it over the top!!
Came by here right when they opened, it covers Walts life from being a young child all the way up to his death at 65, alot of information as well as interactive pieces for people to try out.Parking is $1.20 an hour around the Presidio, $7 dollars max, and not too long a drive down to Fishermans Wharf afterwards.
This is not good for kids. Every kid I saw looked totally bored. No matter how big of a Disney fan they may be, if they aren't old enough to read or enjoy reading, then the displays themselves won't keep their attention.Actually, if you don't enjoy reading - period - this is not the museum for you, but otherwise you're in for wonderful and rich storytelling that even the most casual Disney fan can appreciate. The origins of everything from the Disney legacy from the amusement parks to the animations are here, and walking out gives you a new appreciation for not only the Disney family but also the American dream. An absolute gem.
A must see for Disney fanatics.  It's like walking through a biography.  Very interesting and interactive.  Well done.
Excellent experience! The Museum had a lot of parking and it was easy to find.  The museum itself was very informative, and as a Disney fan, I spent almost 3 good hours at the museum.  Be prepared to do a lot of reading! Also, I would not recommend this museum for children.  We saw a few kids there and they looked very bored.  There are a few interactive exhibits, but most of the museum were pictures and drawings from the Disney family. If you are an adult Disney fan, it definitely pays to go!
I spent almost 4 hours exploring the main museum and the Disney & Dali special exhibit, so I definitely got my money's worth.No matter what era of Disney you're into, you'll get lost exploring everything here.
It was a journey to get here from downtown SF but well worth it. It looks small on the outside but there's so many cool exhibits inside and very interactive than you would think. It's not a disney museum but a museum of Walt Disney himself. You can really learn a lot about the guy who really did make the world a happier place!
My family and I visited the museum after driving through San Francisco and seeing the museum banners all throughout the city. Being big Disney fans we decided to pay a visit. If you're a Disney vacation club member you get a 10% discount off of each ticket. All you have to do is show your member card. Fantastic! The museum itself is located in beautiful Presidio with awesome views.  The presentation throughout the entire museum is PHENOMENAL. So much history, so many home videos, first sketches, original correspondence, family photos... EXCELLENT. I don't think we were expecting to learn so much about Walt Disney and his vision. There's also a unique/cute little gift shop located in the building along with a small cafe serving coffee, hot sandwiches, drinks, pastries.  A MUST if you're a Disney lover :)
Family of 4 up for the week. Did a bunch of fun stuff but nothing beats this. I am going to make this brief-Smithsonian style Museum in San Francisco. Fantastic facility with super friendly staff! If your a tourist and want to go waist money on pier 39 have at it. If you want something with meaning-This is the place.
I am very particular about what museum interests me and when I heard about the Disney one I wasn't sure what to expect but none the less gave it a chance. The tickets here a bit pricey but you get what you pay for right? This museum is HUGE! There are a lot of things to look at that it gets overwhelming at times. There is so much information about almost everything in there. It is very detailed and it keeps your attention going in a way that you never get bored of it. There are several floors you go through to get his entire life story of successes which is great because you are bound to learn something here. The set up of everything is amazing and it's all very well organized. There is a gift shop at the end and of course everything is overpriced but there was nothing there that was worth purchasing in my opinion. So, would I return again? I would if taking a family member or friend who hasn't been there but since I've seen it once, I've seen it all. Great place to check out if you haven't already or if you are a Disney and Walt fan!
I absolutely loved every moment of my visit to this museum. I came especially for the Disney and Dali exhibit, so we enjoyed that vast exhibit first. Standing i front of actual Dali paintings was a once in a lifetime experience I won't soon forget. As a Disneyland fanatic the Disney museum was extra special. There is a ton of memorabilia and unique items I really enjoyed viewing. Parking was actually easy on a Sunday, and there is a killer view of the GG bridge inside the museum. The giant diorama of Disneyland was worth admission alone.
This museum is more about Walt Disney than just the Disney characters themes. It covered the journey Walt went on ranging from family stories, how he was good at drawing and into entertainment business, how Mickey Mouse was born, to Disneyland and all the ups and downs along his journey. The exhibition has a variety of multimedia elements - the touch screens, movie screens and headsets for some narratives. A lot of effort put into building this family museum.I enjoyed this museum so much... Lots of stories I didn't know about Walt Disney or just the Disney brand itself. Nice walk around the buildings in the presidio as well!
Now that I've been in the actual museum section, I wonder if there's any way to add a sixth star.I had written, "Good for most people, but a must for Disney lovers."  This is certainly the case.  The exhibits are presented in chronological order, from Uncle Walt's early days as a cartoonist, through his experiments with animation, selections from the famous ("The Band Concert") and the not-so-famous ("The Flying Mouse"), the Disneyland exhibit taking up the most space, and the final year of his life.  You can listen to taped interviews by Disney and his associates, and see the actual equipment used in the movies, the Circle-Vision camera, and a large-scale model of the Mouse House.  Many secrets are revealed here, including a big project in the Sierras that never happened.  Those who like the behind-the-scenes stores will be like a chocoholic in See's Candy here.  (Note:  photography is allowed as long as it's not flash.)Extras:  An art studio for the kids.  My daughter made a dinosaur diorama (Primeval World), and a 12-frame animation for the zoetrope.  She loved adding her own sound effects to one scene in "Steamboat Willie", and had to push her way in because the other kids loved this part too.  We were going to watch Dumbo, but he was pre-empted by a talk by dancing Mouseketeer Bobby Burgess;  he signed our copy of his book.I'll repeat myself about the directions, from the original post:  When San Franciscans think "Montgomery Street", they think the Financial District.  So does Mapquest.  When you're inputting the address "104 Montgomery Street", Mapquest and your GPS will put you on the corner of Montgomery and Sutter, even if you put Zip Code 94129.  My suggestion:  enter 2770 Lombard Street;  this will put you at the Lombard Gate of the Presidio.  Then follow the signs to "Main Post", and when you get close, you'll see signs for "The Walt Disney Museum".I can easily understand Disney lovers making a special trip to San Francisco only to go to the WD Family Museum.  A fascinating labor of love by his own family.
Even though The Walt Disney Family Museum wasn't on the boyfriend's tour of San Francisco, I insisted that I had to go! Along with visiting every Disney theme park around the world, this museum should be on any Disney fan's bucket list.To start this museum is a bit on the expensive side.  Don't forget to bring those AAA membership and student ID cards to save a little.  Also, I wouldn't recommend this museum for small children as there isn't a lot for them to do as far as interactive stuff goes.Anyway, this museum is really laid out nicely.  The lobby has on display many of Walt's accolades, including the Oscar and little Oscars for "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."  (I'm sure you've seen the picture of him and Shirley Temple.)  From the lobby, you'll be transported to the beginnings in Marceline, Missouri and conclude with his passing in 1966.Not gonna lie, I did get a little emotional at the end and felt a great urge to visit Disneyland afterwards. My only complaint is that I hope that they work on the gift shop and the cafe.  The gift shop was really disorganized and the offerings were bleak.  As a tourist, I would have liked to have seen more Walt Disney Family Museum specific items.  The cafe could also use an upgrade.  The menu was sad, with just pre-made sandwiches, salads, and beverages.  It could really use some Disney magic.  Perhaps Mickey Mouse shaped sandwiches?
If you're a big Disney fan,  this is the place to visit!   Located in the Presidio, this museum is quite a gem. A well thought out historical journey of Walt  Disney's beginnings through his accomplishments and all of his success. Curated collections of his works and personal belongings through the years are well presented here. There is a lot to read and to see as you make your way through the self guided museum. There is also a theater where they have daily movie showings. We were lucky to see our favorite "Snow White."A wonderful place to see!
Mark (the guy at the gift shop) Rudy (the security guard) and Jennifer (the manager) were all very nice and made our experience go from an "ok" experience to a magical one. Thanks guys! We'll be back soon
Lots and LOTS of info on the history of Disney! It is pretty big inside and it's beautiful. The art is amazing and you can definitely see the change throughout the years. I loved it!
Lived here all my life and never checked out the Disney Museum. Parking wasn't too hard to find but you have to pay for it - even on the weekends. It wasn't expensive but a lot of history behind the art and Walt himself. My favorite part was the miniature Disneyland! The tiny details were 'WOW'! Definitely a place to go once or to bring someone that is into Disney. They have a small cafe that serves food/snacks/drinks, but a bit pricey (as expected). They also have a small souvenir shop when ending your tour around. They also have small theaters downstairs that plays documentaries, history, etc of Disney.
What a fantastic museum. As a big fan of Disney and a history aficionado, I've always been vastly interested in the creation of Disney and Walt Disney's life. This place answered so many of my questions. The employees were super knowledgeable and helpful (I had A LOT of questions). The artifacts are unbelievably cool. I felt honored to be in the presence of such great history. Plus, it is located in the Presido, which is always a beautiful part of San Francisco.
A very informative museum, a lot of reading and not as many interactive exhibits I was expecting but still a great visit. The staff was very friendly. I liked the Dali exhibit, we also went there for a Talk by a Disney animator which was interesting. I'd suggest people to go but not to expect a Disneyland type of experience, more educational.
A great series of exhibits walks you through the life and work if Walt Disney.  Largely filled with art and artifacts, there are a couple of interactive exhibits. Because of this, younger children are likely to become bored.  However, if you love animation or even fondly recall Disney films from the Golden Age of Animation, then you will find this place interesting. The museum housed many personal items owned by Disney and includes art from various films.  One of the highlights is the first sketch of Mickey Mouse.  They also have temporary exhibits that will keep you coming back.
I feel it's almost a character flaw in America to admit that I had no interest in Walt Disney, but I had a very nice experience and learned a lot at the museum. The Dali/Disney exhibit is fascinating and inspiring. Not only does it explain why each was a pioneer and how, but it also tells the story of their collaboration and friendship. The most fascinating part for me was to watch how their work changed during WWII and how the war even affected Disney's business. Audio guide is free for Dali and you can even use the provided headphones with your own iphone. Even if you don't buy a ticket to that exhibit, I recommend going to that back building where it's housed to see the gorgeous view of the Golden Gate Bridge.The Walt Disney area is charming with plenty of video and a few hands-on experiences. There's a significant focus on his family history, his early days of animation, and the blossoming of Disney productions. Museum admission includes a screening in the theater downstairs. I saw Ichabod and Mr. Toad, Kids are welcome there. The cafe has sandwiches, soups, desserts. My main recommendation is to choose something hot! During busy times, the sandwiches are pre-made and left out without refrigeration. But also the hot stuff is just tastier. You can eat at one of the handful of tables inside or handful of tables out on the deck with a beautiful view. Of course there's also plenty of grass to sit on and eat.Parking was easy. Granted we were there on a weekday, but we found parking right on the street in front of the museum(don't forget to pay and put the receipt on your dashboard!) and just across a swath of grass in a huge outdoor parking lot. Even the view from the parking lot is gorgeous. If you can't find handicapped parking in front of the museum, do a drop off in front and park in the lot.As far as bringing kids, I'm glad I went with adults only to the Dali exhibit and that one is not great for young kids. The other part of the museum is more appropriate for young kids than the Dali exhibit but I wouldn't consider it a destination for young kids. I think ages 8+ would enjoy it significantly more.
What a darling Disney museum located in a red bricked community and in a quite secluded area in San Francisco! It was simply a pleasant event - strolling around the museum and browsing the historic gallery!Do go here if you are a Disney fanatic and a history nut!
Honestly one of the cutest little museums out there, and for a good price! You learn a lot about Walt and the Disney business itself, and honestly, it makes you fall in love with that funky little mouse all over again. You get to see and even experience how much work went into making the animations back then and it really makes you appreciate how much Walt put into it.Would come again!Mickey Mouse OUT!
This place is a must see for Disney fans, though, as others have noted, may be a bit boring for the little ones except for certain portions. Most of the first half of the museum is about Walt's early life leading up to Mickey Mouse, Snow White, Disneyland, and his passing. There is a lot of information here that I know I wouldn't mind making a return trip sometime.Lots of parking out front, not free. There is a gift shop at the end of the museum with some neat stuff.
We did the Dali exhibit as well as the regular museum. I'll review both. Dali/Disney exhibition:First off, it's an additional $10 to the regular museum admission. I love how they did a side by side timeline for both artists starting from when they were born. And it really builds up to the moment where they become friends and coworkers. I won't spoil anything, so I'll just say that I learned a lot. I also recommend using their headsets. It has more information than what's on the board. It also adds narration to the videos throughout the exhibit. Walt Disney Family Museum:They did such a great job depicting his life. And there were so many memorabilia to admire. Walt was a very meticulous and somewhat picky man, so they even had his favorite brand of food and toiletries. Then of course, they have all the things related to his life as an animator from the comics he used to draw to all of his featured films. They also have an impressive collection of all things Disneyland related. Overall, this was any Disney fan's heaven. It is overwhelming. They have an elevator at the halfway point so you can take a bathroom break and mental break. But I'd go through the museum slowly to truly appreciate everything he built.Ps. They allow photos now! Pss. If you're staying in downtown, take the Presidigo bus. It's free on the weekends and takes you pretty much to the front of the museum.
NOTE!!! The movie about Dali and Disney from the current exposition 'Architects of Imagination is not playing!! I was excited to visit the museum particularly for the movie and the collaboration between Disney and Dali, but when I found at the end, after walking the complete exhibition, the centre piece of the exposition, where the collaboration between the two was based on, namely the movie wasn't screened!! I felt truly disappointed. Some Disney Character, should explicitly have mentioned or written this on the website. You can watch the movie, which I would save for after my visit, her youtube.com/watch?v=1GFk…There still were some great works from both. And the explanation of the symbolism, such as the signification of the clock and the and walking in the palm of the hand, is beautiful.
In the beginning......If you're a big fan of Uncle Walt, this is the place for you. Truly the ultimate tribute to the genius who dared to dream big, and created many childhood family memories.Museum looks small from the outside but it's huge once inside. Lots of walking, reading, exhibits and videos.  Kids under 10 may get bored. The second half of the museum tour is probably the highlight concentrating on the movies, TV and Disneyland projects.Great location with views of the Bay, and the Golden Gate Bridge.  Plenty of parking, AAA card discount and souvenir shop. I noticed in the downstairs lobby there was an art class folks can sign up for.  Overall visit took about 3 hours.  Good to revisit every 7 years or so.
If your a Disney crazy fan (like me) go here for sure. But also recommend to anyone. It was a nice place and there was so much to see. Bonus part is at the end basically where u get a great view next to the San Francisco bridge which makes for a great picture. Fun and interesting
A true 'only in SF' experience for Disney fans, history buffs, and museum wonks alike. The museum boasts one of the most advanced museum multi-media experiences in the world, and it is hard to argue. It highlights and details Walt's life and life's work, certainly trumpeting the Disney glory while not shying away from detracting aspects as well (e. g., a section of the museum documenting the 1937 Disney animators' strike, etc.).For Disney fans, unique highlights include:* Trophy case of Disney awards including an Emmy and multiple Oscars... quite a thing for us mere mortals to stand within a couple of feet of an actual Oscar. You can also check out the Oscar for Snow White which includes seven little Oscar-ettes...* A chance to actually stand near and get a complete description of Disney's groundbreaking Multiplane Camera, designed and first used to revolutionize animation in the '30's even today it looks years ahead of its time.* Engine and cars from Disney's Carolwood Pacific Railroad, the 7.25" gauge miniature train Walt famously ran in the backyard of his California home - which embodied his love for the trains so prominently on display in Disney parks* All kinds of history around Disney movies - not just the films themselves but how they were financed, the approach to color and sound, their successes and failures along with the Disney Studios over the years* A scale model of Disneyland ca 1967 - 1970* Documentation of early Disney efforts (i. e., Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, the Alice films, Silly Symphony films)* and so much more...Additionally there is a theater which shows features and special films regularly, along a separate building with rotating exhibitions which in the past have included the works of the legendary Mary Blair, Secrets of Disney's Movie Magic, A Celebration of Walt's Trains, and others.The Walt Disney Family Museum only exists in San Francisco and its contents are (as I understand it) property of the Disney family, not the parks, so you won't see what is in here in Anaheim, Orlando, Paris, Tokyo, etc. The only advice I will give on the visit is that even though this is 'Disney' it is a museum, not a 'ride,' and not really compelling for young or younger children - in my experience. If your young children want to go be prepared to keep them interested while you are touring the exhibitions, because you will want to stay for a long time.Highly recommended, a must see for anyone visiting The City and for residents alike. The view of the Golden Gate Bridge from the walkway between galleries alone is worth the price of admission...
If you love Disney, this is a great museum to go to. It has a bunch of history about Walt and how he made Mickey Mouse into the company that it is. It's not tally about Disney but the man behind the mouse. There was so much history and so much to see. If you actually read everything in this place, you'd need two days to read all of it. They have so much info on his life. They have tons of info on his family history. They go back to his great grandparents and now his great great grandkids. There is just so much history to him. It also make you appreciate his efforts to make Disney where it is today. And boy, would he be disappointed in how the company is running today screwing people over with their outrageous prices and not paying their workers enough. But besides politics, Disney is thriving today with Marvel, Star Wars on their belts. This museum is all about Walt and it's great.Parking: paid parking, but lots of itBeautiful outdoor area
Great staff and it is indeed a lot of reading in the museum and will take you more than 2 hours to get through the museum if you decide to do so.
If you love anything Disney this is the perfect place for you! It was awesome being able to learn about his whole life. I never really knew the details of his life and how he got started. His life is definitely very inspiring. From the museum you can see beautiful views of the Golden Gate Bridge which was amazing. Also, there are student discounts so don't forget your ID. The gift shop however was a little disappointing, not what I had imagined but I suppose it's like that because they want you to go to Disneyland to buy the other things.
Located in the Presidio area of San Francisco. Lots of paid street parking around. The museum is two parts. One that details history of Walt Disney and the other being a rotating exhibit of the various Disney works. This museum can fill up most of ones day. So much to read and see. Plenty to learn about the late Disney. This museum should not get confused with the Disney theme parks. More about history. The rotating exhibits are always worth it on their own. One is certain to intrigue you. Good: for families, Disney fans, a whole day. Bad: nothing.I'll comeback someday. Worth repeat visits.
A very excellent place to go to especially if you are a huge Disney fan! I've noticed some of my other friends and acquaintances going to the Walt Disney Family Museum so I finally decided to check it out myself. The building is at the San Francisco Presidio and there is usually plenty of parking in the area (though of as now you have to pay for parking!). Normally $20 for adult admission (galleries only), I found some coupons online for $3 off (if you also go to your local motel/hotel and concierge or visitor's bureau, there should be the same coupons available).There is a lot to see along with some interactive exhibits (I didn't really have time for those), so do expect to take at least 1-1/2 to 2 hours to get through everything. When seeing clips from many of Walt Disney's creations, it brought back many memories of what I remember watching from years ago. Fantasia was no doubt one of the most interesting masterpieces put together. You'll also learn about how Walt Disney put together his company and how he was able to make his dream come true. Highlights of great accomplishments and the challenges he faced along the way are also highlighted. Posters, artifacts, models of characters featured (especially Mickey Mouse!) are also seen throughout the museum.I personally enjoyed the museum a lot more than I was originally expecting to and hope to come back to explore the interactive exhibits a little more next time. Definitely a lot to see! And non-flash photography is allowed in the museum.
Took my 5 yr old daughter here for our first visit. I've been wanting to come forever and finally made it out today. You can spend hours in here reading about Walt's life and Disney in general. Since I was with my 5 yr old, I didn't get to spend as much time reading as I would have liked (there's a reason they don't charge for kids under 6!). Still, we were inside for about 1.5 hours and it was really fascinating to see and read what I could during that time frame. My favorite part was the scale model of Disneyland. My daughter said she had "an awesome time."We concluded our self-guided tour by having lunch outside on the deck with a view of the Bay. It was a gorgeous day in the Presidio and we lucked out with perfect weather, escaping the heat of the Tri-Valley. Definitely recommend this museum for adults and older kids, as has been said before, however my daughter did enjoy herself and couldn't wait to tell her dad all about it when he got home!Tip - it's not advertised on the museum website or on AAA's website (that I saw) but you get a $3 discount with your AAA card if you have one.
A must for any Disney fan! Exhibit halls were a bit hard to follow at times and the Tomorrowland "exhibit" was more of a hallway near the bathroom, but the collection is outstanding. We spent about 3 hours exploring here. The Disney Dali exhibit was worth the extra ticket fee (took about an hour) too. Note that this isn't a Disney museum for kids, littles will probably be pretty bored.
I live in LA so I have a Disneyland pass and just love Disney. At first when getting to the museum I was little hesitant of the price plus the exterior size of the place.. I was thinking $20 for this?! But once we went in I quickly was amazed and realized it was totally worth it. We were there for about 2-3 hours! There's just so much to do and see. Hands down the best part was the mini (but not so mini) Disneyland! I loved it. The family pictures of Walt and the timeline of his life was magical. The staff was great! We also got really cute souvenirs at the gift shop! It's about a 30 minute walk from the Golden Gate Bridge/7 minute drive. Totally recommend this place to Disney fans visiting!
My boyfriend took me here on a date because we're both huge fans of Disney and I must say, it was much bigger and nicer than I expected! There are two levels and it takes about 2 hours to walk through and look at everything, 3 or 4 if you decide to listen to all the sound clips, watch all the short informative films, and read all the blurbs and descriptions. If you're a fan of all things Disney I highly recommend you don't let the opportunity to come here slip. The large scale of Disneyland is stunning as well. (just don't try to take pics of it over the glass or the employees will stop you)
I'll start off by saying that I come from a huge Disney family, so my review might be a little biased. Just a heads up! Anyway, I've been wanting to come to the Walt Disney Family Museum for some time now after many visits to the bay area. But being close to three hours away, it took some planning and coordination to take the trip out there. Let me tell you though, this museum alone is worth the drive. The museum is located at the Presidio of San Francisco, just adjacent to the Golden Gate (you'll get a great view from one the exhibit rooms just FYI), on beautifully kept grounds. You can either make the choice to park in front by a meter and pay by the hour or to the rear of the building which will cost you about $7 bucks for the entire day (not bad for San Francisco if you ask me). We even went as far as walking down to Crissy Field for lunch leaving the car in the Disney lot. Anyway, the museum is incredible, even with the $20 ticket price, though I got in for free as they offer free military admission year round. The exhibits themselves offer a detailed look into Walt's life and that of his brother Roy's as well. Starting chronologically with his birth and boyhood, the exhibits progress from Walt's childhood influence on animation and art through to his very last projects of the mid sixties. They touch basis with everything from his service in France during the war, to his first feature animation (Snow White), Fantasia, his parks, the studio strike, and so much more. You can easily spend all day here, as I spent 4 hours speed reading and photographing through the museum. I will definitely be back for more. What were the great points of this museum?The exhibits are colorful, and full of things to look at, not only to read.Those include the first EVER known illustrations of Mickey Mouse with Ube Iwerks and Walt, a TON of vintage Mickey and Friends merchandise, the large Disneyland Park model (this seems to be the focal point for most people that visit), Walt's personal collection of various items from things he carried every day to items from his office at the studio, his scale model trains that he took people for rides in and built himself, and SO much more. If you love Disney, this is a must do.My only gripes are that the gift shop is very limited in merchandise, the cafe being very small, and the exhibits are a little hard to follow or know how to chronologically maneuver through without the help of an audio guide.Otherwise, this is one of the top museums on my list.
I love a good museum!! I learned so much about the whole Disney family, the animation process as it was back in the day and the current process. Very informative and well laid out. My favorite part was the massive model of what Disneyland looked like when it first opened!! There are some cool views of the golden gate from the upper floor of the tour too- turn around and look out the window to check them out!!The gift shop is nice (items can be pricy but they usually are at a museum gift shop so I have no problem with that). The cafe is well stocked and what you would expect. Bathrooms were spacious and well kept! I would go back.
Wow. I took my mother to this because of the Dali and Disney exhibit. We bought the admission to the main part of the museum as well. The special exhibit was housed in a separate building. The best way to describe the exhibit is as unpleasant. The problem was not as much the contents of the exhibit, but how it was displayed. Every wall was crowded with information organized in a linear timeline. Over the course of the exhibit you see Dali's and Disney's lives intersect. The exhibit was extremely crowded, and the path very narrow, so even if I had wanted to see all of the text that was written it was impossible. People pushed and shoved to get to the next thing, and a couple of times obliviously almost knocked my 88 year-old mother over without a word of apology. We hurried though as quickly as we could to go to the main museum.The main museum exhibit was better, but similarly linear, driven by Disney's life and accomplishments. The curator relies too heavily on timeline, and does not do a good job of story telling, and tries to jam everything Disney left behind, including every award, every letter, and every drawing that he ever did, into a space that is not really big enough. In the end, I was left wondering what Walt would have thought. I loved many of the drawings, and learning about the evolution of animation, but my favorite parts were about the animators strike of 1941, and learning that Mr. Disney was a bad guy (anti-communist informant and anti-union) during the McCarthy era. These were the only true glimmers that I got of Disney, the man. I  actually felt sorry for all of the artists who spent their life at Disney and whose drawings were displayed, in most cases attributed to "Disney studio artist," or in other cases to "Unknown." Disney made so much money on the backs of underpaid artists, and basically took all of the credit for what they did. My mother, who is a wonderful artist, grew up in LA. One of the best moments of attending this exhibit was when she told me about learning to draw Micky Mouse from the guy who lived across the street from her who was a Disney studio artist. She went on to author a cartoon strip of her own, and to become an incredible drawer. Thank you unknown Disney studio artist for getting my mother started. I hope that one of your drawings is displayed at the Disney Family Museum, and that I saw it today.If you are a Disney fan, you may like this exhibit. There are wonderful things to discover through the clutter and the noise of it. If you are a parent of younger children, think twice about bringing them to this; they will be bored out of their skulls, or trampled to death. Not sorry I went to this museum, just disappointed in the overall experience.
