(Downtown) San Francisco: tranquilWhat a beautiful and small oasis. Wanted to sit somewhere peaceful to enjoy a few pieces of a dim sum lunch I had purchased in Chinatown and this little park delivered! Peaceful redwood trees,  benches, whimsical children statuary, are all here in the shadow of the Transamerica Pyramid Building. A very special fountain,  ringed with metal frogs, marks this site that is said to have been where Mark Twain worked for a time. This private park is generously shared with the community and worth a stop to sit under the towering redwood trees in the heart of the Financial District.For more information :pyramidcenter.com/point-…
Even on a cold and dreary day, this small park in the Financial District that is dwarfed by the tallest building on the SF Skyline (Transamerica Building) is a haven from the City's hustle and bustle. Enter of either Clay St. or Washington St., just east of the Transamerica Building.Pleasant fountain, bronze frogs on Lilli pads, Redwood trees, public art of little kids hand-in-hand skipping by, and great views of the T.A. Building next door.
This is a little oasis in the middle of the Financial District. Redwood trees next to the Transamerica Pyramid? Awesome.
I want to give a BIG Thanks to Adam S. for recommending this park to me! It's a beautiful public space. As much as I was walking while I was in San Francisco it was real nice to bring my lunch here one day, and sit and enjoy the beautiful weather. I went on a weekday and not at the peak lunch hour, so there were only a few others in the park at the time I visited. There was plenty of space to sit and eat and relax for a bit before I got going again. This public space is definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.
What a wonderful gem!! I was taking a class across from the Transamerica building and was just "meandering" around, looking for a place to sit and enjoy my sandwich. I figured there had be a place somewhere. This park definitely exceeded my expectations, especially to be placed downtown! The trees are massive and beautiful. Plenty of places to sit and not be bothered. Very nice park!
I'm lost, am I still in Chinatown?And to answer that question, no. This miniature nature walk is tended by the staff of the Transamerica building. It consists of many benches, sculptures, and a nice pond/water explosion that captivates any user to enter. The trees engulf you into a feeling of surrender from the city. I enjoy sitting amongst the trees to capture photos or to simply enjoy a snack. My secret is now yours.Enjoy!
I was about 15 min early to an appointment a block away and just wanted to chill for a minute. This little park is great for that. I was amazed at the Redwoods in the middle of the financial district could be so calming. Sometimes you just need to stop take a break and take in the little things.
Transamerica Redwood Park wasn't my destination, but it was my delightful discovery.  - Tranquil Trees - Peaceful Fountains - Playful Statues - Park BenchesAfter trekking around nearby Chinatown and other tourist sites, Transamerica Redwood Park was a welcome escape from the stress and grime of San Francisco. When you can't make it out of the city, it's nice to stumble upon a place like this ... to take you away for a few minutes.The quiet park is in the heart of the financial district next to the iconic Transamerica Pyramid Building between Chinatown and the Ferry Building. From 7:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. weekdays, Transamerica Redwood Park offers a clean, gated, and relatively secure retreat.
It's different than the other miniparks (or even parks) which just have grass and trees and plants like you see everywhere. This one has redwoods! It's not like Muir Woods or anything like that but it does have a completely different feel than the other parks. Like being on a hike in Marin but in the middle of the city. There aren't many places in SF to experience the redwoods.Benches all around. A nice fountain with jumping frog statues. Lots of people hang out here during the day.
The park has ample seating, tranquil trees and you can almost feel like you're a bit out of the city though just across the street is decaying brick buildings and of course directly behind is the TransAmerica Tower which is one of the largest buildings in San Francisco. But damn, it's still a nice park.
This is a great park in the financial district. I always grab a cup of joe from one of the many Starbucks near by and sit here for a minute before I go back to whatever it was I was doing before I entered into this serene park. I love the tall trees right in the middle of the city. I don't know why anyone would give this a less than 5 stars. Anything nature in the city is great. I wish they wouldn't lock it up on the weekends just so that I can go and enjoy it more.
Blown away when I found yet another reason to love SF. I was just walking around the Transamerica building for the first time and I noticed a few trees and park gate. I walked over and notice the sign Transamerica REDWOOD Park!! Afterwards I realized that this great little place had huge redwoods, huge fountain, great place to sit down during lunch or just enjoy a a moment away from city life right downtown. Great place for kids, workers, runners, or tourists just to realize that you can have nature in the concrete jungle.
Just acting touristy. Great little slice of nature in the middle of the Financial District. Very cool to have this in the middle of the city. Great place to clear your head for a minute, or just to breathe it all in as Ron Burgundy instructed.
I never knew that this tiny park existed.It was cool and smokey as I walked through it. So green, and no homeless.
This little bit of heaven is a forested gem in a sea of really tall buildings.It's a great spot for weekday workers who need a shady or sunny seat, some greenery and pleasant sounds of a frog sculpture water fountain to enjoy at lunch time.  I visited last week with a former coworker and we came across a small live musical concert. Some seats were provided, but really, the park is small, so you hear them from pretty much any spot.  Looks like it's on only for a few more weeks at this location based on sfbg.com website.  However, more are being scheduled @ the Embarcadero + Levi Park Plaza this fall:The San Francisco Jazz Organization puts on a series of free midday concerts every summer: at Transamerica Redwood Park, 2 Embarcadero Center, and Levi's Park Plaza. Performers include a mix of Latin jazz all-stars, sultry cabaret singers, and jump, swing, and R&B bands. Transamerica Redwood Park, June-August, Fri., noon-1 p.m., 600 Montgomery, S.F. 2 Embarcadero Center, August-September, Thurs., noon-1:30 p.m., Promenade level, Davis and Clay Streets., S.F. Levi's Park Plaza, September-October, Wed., noon-1:30 p.m., Battery and Bay Streets., S.F. (415) 398-5655, sfjazz.org.Let music soothe the savage beast (the work week i.e.).  Enjoy.
Even in the Financial District, there are moments that catch you off guard where you say, "wow, a little bit of SF even in the FiDi".  The Transamerica Redwood Park is definitely one of those spots.  A little redwood refuge amidst the skyscrapers that serves as a helpful reminder that: even in the midst of the hustle bustle and daily grind -- also take a moment to breathe, relax, and enjoy.
A little bit of green in financial district. Visited on that first beautiful day of summer.
The trees hug you back!
Quite the peaceful getaway in downtown SF. On the occasional afternoon, there might be a band performing. Otherwise, thanks to the sounds of the soothing water fountain and the rare sights of greenery, it's a great place to break away from the office to read... or draft yelp reviews.
i work across the street and sometimes to relieve some stress or just simply get out of the office and try to enjoy the weather, i come here. Tucked underneath the beautiful Transamerica sky scraper is a hidden emerald gem. It has a patch of grass, not enough to sit on but enough to feel a bit more earthy when escaping from the cityscape.Has tons of benches, sometimes i see people lay out and tan and marinate in the sun when the sun is out. I believe on tuesday at noon theres different bands that play, last time i went there was a jazz band that covered Montel Williams " This is how we do it" and Sir Mix a lots " Baby got back" . I bring my lunch here sometimes, or after grabbing some froyo from Yoppi's. Such a beautiful hidden pleasure of the city.
There's nothing quite like the smell of redwood trees.  San Francisco has a few redwood trees, but you kinda have to look to find them, and even when you do find them, there often aren't enough of them close enough together to get that smell.Well, this little group beneath the Transamerica Pyramid is large enough to give you that smell; and it's actually pretty spectacular standing, sitting, or lying (not recommended) under them and looking up.I really like this little park, so much so, in fact, that it deserves four stars.  But I haven't been able to enjoy it often enough because it always seems to be closed.  That sucks.The frogs are a nod to Mark Twain's short story "The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County."  Why a tribute to Mark Twain next to the Transamerica building?  Well, Mark Twain met a man named Tom Sawyer nearby, and Twain liked the name so much he gave it to the character in the novel he was writing.So let's review.  Four stars for experience, loses a star for never being open.
The other day I realized that I had not taken the full hour of my lunch break in over a month.  I decided to wander across the street to the small fountain area next to the Pyramid.  To my surprise, I discover redwood trees in the middle of San Francisco!  Who woulda thunk it?I have spent three straight days eating my lunch outside under the redwoods and I honestly believe it has made me a calmer human being.  Of course the beautiful weather has attracted more people to my forest of solitude, but for the most part it's just me, the fountain and the trees.  I like to look up and pretend that the redwoods will one day be as tall as the pryamid itself. There's a gate surrounding the little park, so I'm not sure what time they lock it up, or if its open on the weekends.  There's also a few sculptures to check out.
This is one of the best POPOS (Privately Owned Public Open Space) in the city!
My lil' oasis from work.*Luv* to kick back in this park away from the frenzy.Very convenient picturesque spot in the FiDi.  Near various eateries and fro-yo's.
This place is magical. I saw a hummingbird there today. True fact.
One of my favorite spots in the city. An absolute gem.
Great to come here on a sunny or warm day.... nice statues, greenery, water features, people, and next to a SF landmark.
At the base of the TransAm building is a beautiful quiet park filled with redwood trees...yes, redwood trees in the middle of the city.There's something particularly delightful about these giant trees being on a concrete block in San Francisco.  One of my most memorable encounters with a redwood tree is when I visited a friend who had a redwood tree in his backyard in Oakland.  He said: "Hug the tree.  Come on, hug the tree."  I did.  These trees have a furry texture, like a giant friendly beast.Among the trees are simple rectangular benches which blends in well among the redwoods.  There's a fountain in the center with brassy sculptures of little leaping frogs.  The building on the other side of the park has an all window first floor which lets its occupants look out to the park and enlarges the look of this small park.Lovely place to sit and be quiet with yourself for awhile.
The park is a nice oasis in the bustling FiDi.  It is a beautiful shaded park with plenty of seating.  There are two great sculptures.  One of children playing and one of frogs that is integrated into the fountain.
Great place to take a moment b/f work. You can hit up the Starbucks across the street and head on over for your morning moment of Zen.  Beware the smokers. Just try not to sit down wind. A great peaceful place but not very warm. I'd bring a jacket and on a sunny day head somewhere with a little more sunlight.
Huddled in the pubic forest of the Transamerica phallus...is this what it feels like to be crabs?
