One of my favorite spots in the city! You can see about 75% of San Francisco at just one glance. I advise to come during the day and during the night to see SF in all its glory.It can get super windy so make sure to have extra layers with you!
Twin Peaks is easily one of my favorite places either. What's better than being on the top of San Francisco where you can overlook EVERYTHING? Here are some things to note if you plan on going up there:- There's plenty of parking so don't worry about that!- It's super duper windy. Make sure you layer up! - Just go to the area where there's a wall, don't bother climbing up the hill. The view isn't as great on the hill and going up and down is scary since the stairs are covered in dirt and aren't even proper stairs.- There's restrooms up there but they are single stalls and the line's pretty long. I went during the day so I saw a clear view, but I would love to come back at night one day.
The hike up here was a little arduous because of the hills, and extra scary for me because of my fear of heights. BUT, the view I got to see made it totally worth it.First of all, it's SUPER windy and quite chilly up there, so make sure you're dressed in layers (nothing flowy), and have all your things secured. Ladies with long hair, have a scrunchy ready because your hair will be all over your face! As I mentioned, it's a bit of hike to the top, but once you actually get there and see the 360 views of SF, it'll all be worth it. Luckily for me, it was perfectly sunny when I went, so everything was in clear, perfect view! Don't go if it's cloudy/foggy, otherwise you'll be missing out on the stellar views!
I cannot believe I have been missing out on this view! I have never come here until my last visit and it was awesome. Hands down the best view of the SF skyline I have seen. Easy to drive to and free parking.Again, that view though!
PREP be ready for a narrow windy curvy road to get up here. Also bring jackets! It's very windy up here like mess up your hair and in your face windy. Only gets more cold as the day and night comes in. Parking available and no charge.VIEW is really expansive. Was clear when I came with a shadow because the sun was setting. They have binocular stations too. Since it was so windy my friend and I opted to take a few pictures then go back to the car ASAP and look at the view and sunset from the warmth of the car and shelter from the high winds. OTHER there were Asian people standing around with flyers and poster boards to educate people about organ trade selling. Kind of an odd place to post up but sure why not. I took a brochure when it was offered to me. I give them props for standing outside in the wind and cold! OVERALL I am a fan. Could be a good date spot to check out view. Get selfies together. Maybe bring a selfie stick. Or ask someone else. Do ppl still ask other ppl to take pics for them nowadays? Haha. Then hang out in the car and get to know each other. Good spot to bring family and friends from out of town. Just be sure they bring a good jacket!
Just a nice park area to view all of San Francisco from above. Better to go when the san francisco fog is gone maybe around 2pm. Then you'll be able to see everything clearly!
Would you like a stunning 360 degree view of San Francisco? How about a place where you can make out with your love in your vehicle like that one scene from Titanic? If you haven't checked out this San Francisco local spot, then you're truly missing out.Twin Peaks attracts all photographers, tourists, and locals of alike. While it feels like you're on top of the world, it's actually piping cold once you step outside of your car.I'll never forget when Brian, my sister, best friend, and I watched the sunset throughout the SF Bay Horizon. It captured the perfect kodak moment that many Yelpers alike rave about. Although parking is free, it can be tricky to find a decent spot because of all the people it attracts. Nevertheless, you're granted with a breathtaking view of the city itself and that's something that's priceless the city has to offer.On the other hand, it would be good idea to dress in layers and of course use the bathroom before you reach up the top for modeling sessions. Even if there are two bathrooms towards the tourist photo-taking areas, I would assume they're not the cleanest of the bunch. Overall, this is definitely one of the tourist traps you have to check out! It's free and you get Facebook and Instagram bragging rights for snapping a piece of this beautiful scenery.
The amazing city view can be seen on top of twin peaks! Came here before the sun was going to set. There was a good amount of people walking around but luckily we found a park spot right in front of the sunset! It was honestly breath taking, one of the best views you will see in SF.  Good thing was that it wasn't foggy so I took some nice clear pictures. P.S DRESS WARM, it was freezing!
We came here after a long day of exploring San Francisco. To be honest, I didn't have the power to go, but my husband convinced me we should check it out.I was pleasantly surprised. We had a clear day and the view was awesome - you really see the entire city and you get a totally different view of it. It was beautiful.We didn't spend much time, probably about 15 minutes, and I got the sense that everyone around us were doing the same - taking pictures, admiring the view, and moving on.I would definitely recommend going if you are travelling to San Francisco.
I love this view. It's one of a kind to experience and see at least one time. We drove in the morning and at night and I would recommend the morning/afternoon when there are clear skys. You can see the bridge and a nice city view from up top. We hiked up top to both of the twin peaks and got a nice little sweat in.I recommend if you go there at night then make sure it's not windy because we made the mistake of going there at night when it was a little windy and once we got up top there were hard winds blowing so we had to leave because it was extremely too windy
Best Landmark...or Really Landmarks I've ventured to in 2015!!! First time was myself flying solo...hiking up many steps, from concrete till dirt till wooden steps, till asphault. Getting semi lost, then getting back on the right direction. LOL It was a Sunday morning in September 2015, where I finally enjoyed time to myself, just me alone, amongst the high attitude and white morning fog surrounding me. Paparazzi time! Haha, I took so many pictures once I reached the top of the 2 Twin Peaks! Of course, I took pics & videos to document my first trek towards and up to Twin Peaks! Also, I only had my flip flops on hiking up and down all those rocky steps! Another second time, I was lucky to be with my son and even more blessed it was on a clear SF night where my son could enjoy the lovely sunset! I love sunsets! I'm more of a sunset girl than a sunrise person. Yet, who knows, maybe one day I may change my mind. LOL. I prefer staring off into the sunset, with all the piercing rays seeping through my eyes and innermost dark spaces & awake my soul. There were so many people above the peak we were on by the time it was ready to view the beautiful sunset. All the clouds above strewn and reflecting the multitudes of the sun rays as the sun was making it's way down the horizon. Many people were taking pictures & also I saw a group video the entire spectacle with a tripod holding their cellphone up in the sunset's direction the entire time. Smart of that person. I also had the delightful pleasure to see many monarch butterflies dancing fluttering around in front of me above the rocky dirt ground. They were sooo pretty! ^_^In general, most people either are locals who hike, run, or walk up, down, and around the peaks OR are tourists! I was fortunate to play both parts. First time as a local neighbor and second experience as a tourist. LOL.This is definitely one of my favorite destinations in San Francisco, CA. Until my next adventure... Miss breathing in the cool foggy mist...I bid adieu.
I get to see Twin Peaks every day from my kitchen window.  I also try to drive up there once a month to see the views of the city and surrounding bay.  I especially like to find the GGB on a clear day---like yesterday.  As people have written before, it's a beautiful view.Yes, if you are visiting or if you live here, you must come to see what others have seen.It can be windy, cold, sunny, warm, foggy etc--dress in layers and shed appropriately if need be!Parking is an issue--don't let that stop you, you may have to wait for a parking spot--no biggie.
I wish I would have seen this during the day, 2 days ago was the first time I got to venture out to twin peaks.  Heard many great things about it.  Its such a great view of San Francisco, and the bay. We went at night, so the city lights were nice.  Seems like the spot to get your hippie-on. If you know what I mean.
Took a few years with a few other peaks in between but finally made it here!Absolutely beautiful, especially on a clear day without fog. There is a panoramic view of the city, the bay and its important bridges. There is no lack of beautiful mountain trails in the bay area with fantastic view into the bay, but the city view from the twin peak is definitely something unique. An on-top-of-the-world feel. If you took the climb/run/bike there, you'll be quite proud of yourself! The houses that you pass on the way up also have quite eclectic architecture/design and interesting to look at. There are a lot of people here and one way to get unobstructed view is to stay on the lower platforms next to the roads so you are not battling for photo time with the city!A view worthy of many clicks of the camera.
Definitely breathtaking at night when it's clear. You get to see the whole city here! The Golden Gate Bridge, Market Street, and the Bay Bridge are all visible here.This is the perfect place to take someone to if it's their first time in San Francisco. Parking here can be difficult and expect a lot of tourists to come here. Also, make sure to check the weather because when the fog rolls in, you won't see anything.
I don't know how you can give this place anything less than 5 stars. Always a must when friends are in town. I like to drive my friends here and insist that they close their eyes until we reach the very top. Their reaction is priceless.
Went to middle school remotely close to this spot..... but never really learned to appreciate this stunning scenic spot. Have been here on a couple occasions.... great for hanging out with friends, thinking about life or even for napping in the car. Usually very crowded at night during weekend nights so parking spots can be filled up easily but don't worry, you can just park on the side curbs of the road. The Scenic spot shows pretty much the majority of the city lit up at night which makes it one of the most noticeable spots in the city. There have been occasions where i see police patrolling the area too so becareful in what you do there but at the same time... you can feel safe appreciating the late night sessions. 5/5 location.
Came during the night time when the moon was right. To be honest, best legal view I've gotten since! It's a hotspot, but the scene doesn't steal away your privacy.Make sure to bring small throws because it gets chilly up here.
San Francisco, CA: Not to be missed views! Undeveloped land in almost the geographic center of San Francisco! THAT bit of trivia I was not aware of at the time I visited. Nor was I aware that this was only one of a few areas in San Francisco Bay that provides habitat for the Mission Blue Butterfly. (Thanks , Eric Robert! )We had only a short time to spend here, but what a well spent hour. Scoring a parking space in their visitor's lot, we quickly got out of the car to explore the spectacular views of The City and its environs at mid morning.  We were lucky that this day was clear. It was predictably windy. Others have already posted great commentary and visuals. A family member took a quick hike up one of the peaks.Make time to take in the unmatched views from this great vantage point, any time of day or night. Much thanks to kind yelp friend Edwin R. for having suggested that my family and I see this almost overlooked, outstanding viewpoint in our San Francisco visit last March! ADDITIONAL VISITOR INFORMATION parksconservancy.org/con…inside-guide-to-san-fran…sfrecpark.org/destinatio…
Equivalent to LA's Griffith Observatory - you get a view of the whole city on an elevated area. I think what makes Twin Peaks more unique though is the spiraled drive up - tons of turns on the way up, but it's definitely worth it to get a great view of the whole city.I would suggest coming on a clear day since we all know SF is always foggy and cold and this makes it difficult to drive up, especially when it's dark. You feel like you're driving in a cloud and can't see what's ahead of you. Make sure to bring a jacket or dress in layers if you're coming late at night because SF tends to get extra cold at night...and if you're not used to that, it might feel like Antarctica. Definitely a place to visit whether you live in SF or not. I've only been once in the morning, so I'm not sure of this, but I know at night it's pretty hard to find parking because it gets super busy. City lights are so much cooler to see anyways. If you can't find parking where the telescopes are, you can always drive down and park somewhere on the side. There's a bathroom here but I think you have to pay for it...
You can see the view of the city here! It was very breath taking and refreshing when I first came here. It's a nice way to end the night (: The second time, i felt somewhat off. Probably because so many people were goofing off, blasting loud ass music, blah blah blah. I just wanted to enjoy the view without being interrupted. Maybe the first time I came here was very calm and soothing? Nonetheless, that was just a wrong time wrong day. Twin peaks still deserve five stars.
Sure gets crowded nowadays.  Ah, the joys of social media...Beautiful views of San Francisco and the bay.  Both day light and dusk are great shooting times.
This is a MUST SEE. Twin peaks is easy to find and commute to. You can see the entire city on a clear day. It is nothing short of a breathtaking view!
On my previous visits, I had gone to Twin Peaks but glad I did this visit.  It wasn't very busy with cars travelling on the road up to Twin Peaks on a weekday morning  We were part of a tour and it seemed to be a popular stop with tours as there were a number of buses parked here.It offers great views of San Francisco and a great spot for photos, especially on a clear day.  It wasn't too busy that we couldn't find a spot for photos.  We spent about 10 minutes here and it was enough time to walk and take photos with different views.  There was a line up for the self cleaning toilet but with nothing around, nice they have one.
The drive up here is through a neighborhood near Castro. It isn't a difficult drive and parking is fairly easy. There are two parking lots for both of the peaks (hence the name, TWIN Peaks)..Once you park, snap a few photos of the SF view and then take a quick hike up the stairs of one of the peaks and enjoy an even better 360 view of all of SF.The stairs are uneven, some much higher than others so it may be hard for little kids or elderly people. There are no rails or anything to hold onto so it's best if you are steady on your feet.It does get windy as you get higher up so dress appropriately, no dresses/skirts, and bring a jacket!
Best views of San Francisco and the bay area.Came here during a beautiful sunny day so we were able to see everything!Must-see place for anyone visiting San Francisco. I will definitely come here every chance I get to go to SF!
Though San Fran is so well known for its food, once I booked my plane ticket, I immediately looked up hiking spots. This came up first on my search. At first I was feeling super impelled to hike all the way up to the summit and then hike back down. That quickly changed after a super fulfilling breakfast and I began to feel sluggish. Plan B: Take an Uber to the summit, then hike back down.Great idea! The uber driver brought us all the way up and we walked up the steps to the peak. It was such magnificent views of SF. Though it was a little bit cloudy, I still got a stunning view of Market street and I caught a glimpse of the top of the Golden Gate bridge. Be warned, it's very very windy up there so your hair will be flying all over the place when you take your pictures. Now the hike back down wasn't as bad as I thought. We just kept following the roads downhill and didn't really google anything til we got towards the bottom cuz we wanted to go to Dolores Park afterwards. The walk probably took about an hour down b/c we took our time. Definitely a must do for anyone that visits SF.
One of San Francisco's greatest attractions. Get amazing 360 degree views of the city while atop this double peak. Relatively easy to get to, plenty of free parking, and a nice little climb up a path to either one of the two peaks.A must see for all visitors.
I haven't been here since I was really young up until this past Saturday [August 15, 2015]. Once again my love took me here!! I loved it!! Breath taking view but it's crowded by many people so be careful, lol. I would love to go back to see the beautiful San Francisco at night! I love this place even more since now I experienced going here at this age. :)
Twins Peak is always a must when we come visit SF! Though it's SUPER windy and cold, it's a great escape from the valley heat!This recent visit was SUPER packed for some reason. We had to park outside of the viewing on the road. It was weird. I've never seen this many people here before. I usually just stay on the main viewing point because...well, if it's SUPER windy down there, climbing to the peak would be even windier. I've only gone up there once and it was bad! Sun was out, but all you feel is cold, cold gusts of wind! You can barely hear yourself think, it was that strong!If you don't mind the wind, and a small hike up, go for it. You get a much better view of the city from there. Not a lot of space, so if everyone decides to go up there at the same time, you will be squished. I'd stay stay on the main floor. Roomier and less windy.Fog rolls through pretty fast on most days, so if you want a photo-op of the city, do it fast, or you'll miss it. I've gone here both day and night, and I like the night view better just because you can see the city lights shining everywhere. Its's much prettier. It's much colder and windier at night as well, so, again, bring a jacket.If you're visiting the city, I highly recommend coming to Twin Peaks to get the whole view of the city! It's gorgeous! Parking might suck, but the wait for a spot isn't too long. Park on the road or wait for a parking spot in the little lot.
I wanted to let out of town visitors know the San Francisco Municipal Transit Agency is going to implement a test project on Twin Peaks which will limit personal vehicles to only one side of the hill (away from the view) so the good side (with the view) can be used for hikers and bikers.  This is due to some bad accidents up there which injured pedestrians and is an attempt to address problems of those who want to hike or bike up there.This will probably result in traffic backing up there when it is implemented in the very near future.
Twin Peaks is considered to be one of the highest points in the city.So if you want a better outlook of SF city, check this place out!Free of charge, drive uphill and there is parking along the Lookout point.Tons of tourists, as well as locals hiking and getting their exercise on.It's really windy here, so bring something that will keep you warm.There's also automatic bathrooms that wasn't really working when we tried using it.At 935 feet elevation, it's a must visit since it offers amazing views of the bay!
It is a great place to hangout. You could see the whole bay area if not Foggy. I enjoy the Fog too. Feels like Nagarkot in Kathmandu.
This place is amazing the best views of San Francisco from a hillside. I've been here several nights and on most nights it's pretty clear out so you are able to get some amazing shots! This is a popular tourist attraction and you come across people from all over the world, photographers taking shots for their portfolios, city people hanging out/smoking, couples taking memorable photos and the like. Getting up here is quite straight forward and the houses leading up to this place are over a million dollars which goes to show you this place is famous for the view. The parking here can get quite tricky. I've seen some people walk up, bike up or drive up. Most people don't park and just get out to snap and leave but if you are lucky enough, you can find a parking spot. Make sure to check the weather before you go, otherwise you might be looking into a sea of fog, which is not that exciting but still cool!
This view though.Been here a handful of times, all at night & the view is ABSOLUTELY freakin' AMAZING! The city lights are gorgeous. Takes your breath away.The drive up here isn't too bad. GPS takes you right to it.Parking isn't too bad but we always luck out with VIP (up front) parking.They have a place where people can sit & gaze.They have telescopes there too.I could stay there all night, such a pretty spot to just admire the city lights.I will definitely be back!Oh! Dress warm or bring a blanket! It gets really windy up there!
Did a quick drive-by of Twin Peaks earlier this week, while visiting my husband's friends near UCSF. It's still as gorgeous as I remember it, and a great way to spend some time seeing the fabulous views of the SF Bay Area. It's been over 10 years since I've been to Twin Peaks, so it was nice to come back again and take some photos. :)Limited parking, you may have to wait a bit for cars to leave in order to get a spot.Tour buses come here too, so you know this place is famous!
Amazing!Came here during Superbowl 50. Took pictures with the famous "50" sign. There were a lot of people when we went but we were lucky with the parking fairy :)It was a nice clear day, I am so grateful to live here!I will come again on a random drive.
It was a cloudless and fog-less night with a full moon in the sky (there was even a lunar halo!). I looked out the window as my friend drove up to the top and I was left awestruck by the view. Some adjectives that really don't do the view justice: epic, amazing, breathtakingly beautiful. Twin Peaks is even better at night!There's really nothing like sitting down with some friends to admire the city I grew up in, all lit up in its glory. Gotta love SF! :')
Its amazing the things people take for granted when living in beautiful San Francisco! Twin Peaks offers a great view of the whole Bay Area for FREE!I have came to Twins Peak multiple times and EVERY visit is beautiful no matter what time of the day you come. For people that have never been here before the drive can be a challenge but trust me you'll be fine.The view of the Bay Bridge and the Coit Tower is breathtaking.You will find a lot of tourist coming here to take pictures and enjoying the lovely view. Parking can be tricky on a busy day. Its best to come here when the weather is nice and clear because if not you can barely see the view of the whole SF mostly because of the fog. (Bring a jacket because it can get VERY windy).Its a beautiful view at night when the lights are all lit up and truly gives San Francisco a beautiful name!
Wow! The views from here are AH-MAZE-BALLS!! Twin Peaks is THE BEST place to see the city. If you want to see a picturesque, panoramic view of the city come here. It's absolutely breathtaking! There a few parking lots up top and a hike to the tippy top. Not a place to hang out to long because it gets nippy up there.
I've been blessed in my lifetime of living in some of the most beautiful places in the world. I was raised in The Kona Palisades, I now live in amazing Manoa, but between 2005-2009 I lived on top of a hill in San Francisco called...TWIN PEAKS, SF! One might immediate think Twin Peaks the 1990's cult-classic American television serial drama created by Mark Frost and David Lynch. About an investigation headed by FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) into the murder of homecoming queen Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee). The show's title comes from the small, fictional Washington town in which it is set. Yet, many still link RL Twin Peaks and the fictional Twin Peaks as the same! Furthest from the truth, well...TWIN PEAKS, SF!I have lot's of fond memories here. Just make sure you have reliable car brakes and hopefully you're not driving a stick shift! Yes, the hills can be insane! Not as bad as Pacific Heights, another gorgeous place to be, but quite frankly, only the rich and movie stars can afford to live in "The Heights". I was quite content living up in the hills of Twin Peaks. Lot's of history in the area. I recall the humongous pink Victorian mansion that survived the Great 1906 San Francisco Earthquake. Yes in pink! It was used as a refuge station during this historic tragedy. There's also a home up the road that is well known for their all-out Halloween decor - I remember one year they had a full-blown Michael Jackson "Thriller" theme! Trust me, Spookiest I've seen! TWIN PEAKS, SF!Each peak has its own name: Eureka Peak/North Peak and Noe Peak/South Peak. About 70-feet below the Eureka/North Peak is the vista point known as 'Christmas Tree Point' that has views of San Francisco and San Francisco Bay. The view to the north extends no farther than Cobb Mountain, but looking southeast down the Santa Clara Valley on a clear day, Santa Ana Mountain can be seen! Also, to the north is one of the city's many reservoirs. It is owned by the San Francisco Fire Department, and supplies water to the Fire Department's independent HPFS water system for fighting fires, established after the Great 1906 Earthquake of San Francisco! Lot's of character in my old hood and because it's on top of the hill(s) - hoodlum violence and transients are rarely seen. The hills are killer enough! I know many of you are inquiring about the Twin Peaks point, on the tip of the hill(s), amazing panoramic views of the great city of San Francisco, yes panoramic pre-Yelp, pre-IG, pre-FB, pre-selfie stick! The views are amazeballs, but you can read more about that in the other 827 reviews! This is more about my life and times in the great...TWIN PEAKS, SF!I was proud to call her home for a good portion of my colorful life. You can also access the neighborhood via Muni Public Transit, aka the bus (Line: 38 Ashbury & 37 Corbett), rolling on electric cables that always pops around a few "horse shoe" turns. Yes, these peaks were ranch lands 150-years ago! No worries though the drivers are experts at popping the cables back into place, while you sit in the bus, on a very steep incline, with no worries in the world, right? Lot's of tiny mom & pop stores still scatter the area, as this is anti-box store zone! The historic Haight-Ashbury area is just a roll down the hill... If I ever decided to move back to the historic city of San Francisco... Twin Peaks would be my first choice! Classy, but never snobbish! Just loved the vibe of the whole neighborhood. Just make sure you're okay parking on a hilly curb with the occasional family of raccoons passing by! Yup, that happened to me one early morning! 40-acres undeveloped and forever protected by the parks services! Hallelujah! And no, I wasn't hallucinating! "I left my heart in Twin Peaks, San FranciscoHigh on a hill, it calls to meTo be where little cable cars climb halfway to the starsThe morning fog may chill the air, I don't care...My love waits there in Twin Peaks, San FranciscoAbove the blue and windy seaWhen I come home to you, Twin Peaks, San FranciscoYour golden sun will shine for me..."OVERALL GRADE: 4.8-STARS!
A beautiful place to spend with a loved one - and likely you wont have cell phone distractions.... at least mine doesn't work here. Clear views from afar... perfect place for a romantic evening. Parking can be tough on Valentines day as one could imagine. There are probably other less known corners of the city that are just as enjoyable and not as well known. A nice view is easy to come by in the city given a hill everywhere you look.
Another MUST spot for anyone who's coming to SF. The view is gorgeous with tons of space to take pictures. I've been here many times either it's daylight or night time. This is a popular tourist attraction and you come across people from all over the world. I met a couple who is from Australia.
Bring a warm drink, a blanket, dress warmly and enjoy the view! One of the best spots over looking the city of San Francisco.
Oh wow! What a beautiful view. This is consider the highest point in San Francisco, so you can imagine the views.   This is a must go place if you are in San Francisco. I think everyone deserves to see this beautiful view.
Cities that have peaks or mountains are truly lovely. Twin Peaks reminds me with some of the peaks in Los Angeles and with Qasion mountain in Damascus. It's really nice to visit this place during a sunny day and nicer during the night if it's a clear sky.Of course this place is a must if you're visiting San Francisco for the first time.
There's little I can say that hasn't been said already. However, GO HERE! The views of the city are expansive and beautiful. We always seem to find parking fairly easily, too. And yes, bring layers - it's windy here!
One of the best views to get of the city. On a clear day you can see the golden gate, bay bridge, Marin and Oakland. It does get a little busy on the weekends with the tour busses but parking never seems to be an issue.
A perfect romantic getaway from SF! This is a popular spot to check out on a nice clear night. It has the best view of the entire SF bay! The drive up is easy and takes about 10-15 mins to get up. There is a parking lot at the top from the view point. But if it gets busy, you will need to park at the side of the mountain.  he destination is a good spot for 30 mins. It does get crowded but the view is spectacular and one of my fav spot to SF!! Tip 1:  Make sure to bring a jacket. It gets pretty cold and windy even on during the summer.  It's freezing in the winter time.Tip 2: If you have a nice camera, make sure to bring it. You will be able to take some nice shots while you are up there.
It's Twin Peaks... must visit if you're in San Francisco and want an amazing view of the city... you definitely need a jacket, blanket, someone warm... You do not want to climb up the steps to the very top... super windy... I thought I was going to be blown away. I almost peed myself... lol I saw some guy later jogging up there too like it's just a regular thing... like what the hell...There were some stupid BMWs drifting on these road... dangerous for other people too... you're not Fast & The Furious.
Great place for a city view. Came here at sunset on a Sunday, and it wasn't too crowded. There's a small hill to climb for a better view of the sunset, but the best view of the city is right where the parking lot is. I recommended ubering here even if you don't have a car.
Wear a jacket and not anything too flowy! Definitely stay away from dresses and skirts. This place is super cool to hang out and take pictures at but its VERY windy and it can get quite cold. Definitely one of the highlights in SF!
I love the view from up here. Absolutely gorgeous. One of my first visits to somewhere in San Francisco during one of my initial visits to the bay area. I loved it. The wind is whipping though and be prepared for the tourists at the top. They are usually stingy with the telescope and I never got a chance to look through it, but that's okay. I live here and can go anytime. But I am telling you, the drive up is beautiful, the windy road down is a lot of fun, but mostly the view is so cool of the bay from the top. Check it out.
OH MAN so freaking cool. If I had to recommend one "must see" spot for visitors, this would be it. The parking can get a bit full but it's totally worth it for this FREAKING VIEW! Even from the lower area you can see an incredible panoramic view of SF, but if you climb up to either of the peaks, you get a full 360... stunning!
Definitely a place to visit during the day via bicycle ride. I have done this a few times, and while I usually hate it on the way up, once you get to the top, it is worth it.
Twin peaks ..!!!  Really its a great view from top of that.. 360°view there.  Awesomeness .
BEAUTIFUL spot overlooking all of San Francisco to the bay itself.  The only downside to this spectacular view is driving up that hill.  Maybe it was just me, but I felt really uncomfortable on the ride up the hill as I saw approaching cars coming down the hill.  This should definitely be a major tourist attraction of the city, but for whatever reason... I don't think many tourists know about it.  Definitely worth the time and energy to get there!  I would recommend going on a day where the sky is pretty clear so you can take great photos!
Twin peaks is a must when you're in SF visiting. At the end of your day come up to this lookout where you can see the entire city of SF from the very top. Breathtaking. Be warned it gets quite crowded.
ATTENTION: do not leave your car out of your sight for more than 30 seconds. If you do, make sure you take all important belongings or lock them in a trunk where they are unseen. There are a ton of reported burglaries. Please watch the news link attached below. Yesterday, (7/7/15), my friends and I got our car windows smashed into and all of our valuables were stolen, so add on another one to that. Otherwise, twin peaks gets a 5 because of the beautiful view. abc7news.com/travel/sf-t…
Views not to be missed! Not just the San Fran side but the view of the sun hitting the pacific ocean is just suburb as well. Even the drive up and down is fun :) Pack a jacket..or 3. It's really cold. And if you actually climb one of the peaks, don't take your little kid up there! I could barely maintain stability due to the extremely strong winds..i don't wanna see no kids up there start flyin!
Down Right AMAZING View.  "But, Cap.  Why only three stars?"This is like the French Laundry of views for San Francisco.  It is amazing if you can get in.Twin Peaks is amazing, no doubt.  But more times than not it is covered in a thick cloud layer.  Even when at a slightly lower altitude is clear, Twin Peaks will be obscured.There is a lot of parking.  Still, on busy days it can get full.
This is the best place for views of the Bay Area--I just went last weekend and it was the busiest that it has ever been. Be prepared for tour buses and long parking lines! Always bring a light jacket--never been here without the wind blowing like crazy. :) City bathrooms are there--so may I say--use the bathroom before you get there! :D I did a short review on my blog with pics if ya want to see. goldiejames.com/sf-twinp…
There is nothing to not love about Twin Peaks. I recommend all locals, tourists, and visitors to come check out Twin Peaks. First off you can simply drive all the way up here, so no need to hike. Then there's plenty of parking when you get all the way up here. You get an amazing view of the entire city up here. There's also some telescopes you can use if you insert some quarters.
Spectacular view of the City!  It was a nice day when my friend and I came to Twin Peaks on 12/13/14.  I've been here many times in the past, but it was my friend's first visit.My plan for my birthday was to drive to the Bay Area, and have a leisurely day with random things to do.  This was a perfect spot to hang out for a while and enjoy the beautiful view of the City.  The view at night is also amazing, but we'll have to make another trip one day for my friend to see it.
Great views at night! I've never been during the day, but at night, it's nice driving up here to enjoy a view of the city: yelp.com/biz_photos/twin…. Seeing SF all lit up is still one of my favorite sights! It can get windy if you decide to walk around, but just bring a coat. Or a significant other to snuggle up with. Whatever works for you.Enjoy the beauty of the city!
As the name implies, they are twin peaks. The two hills are approximately 925 feet high in the middle of the city and south of the Mission District. There is plenty of parking so definitely drive up there. You can walk to the top of either peak. They are exactly the same. Since you are on the top of a big hill, bring a coat because it could get windy and cold up there. The Peaks provide a spectacular, breathtaking view of the city.If you are visiting San Francisco and looking for recommendations, please go to rookerville.com/2015/09/…
Beautiful view of the city practically any time.  You can see all the way from the Golden Gate Bridge to downtown and Alcatraz is pretty easy to spot top.  Scenic, good picture spot, and you can relax here for a while too.  Parking can be tough when there's a lot of ppl(tourists and locals come here) and definitely watch out for you stuff in your car; these tourist spots are hotbeds for theft.
I hurt myself pretty badly while walking down a wooden staircase built into a hill.  Is this unfair to judge Twin Peaks for that?  Maybe.  But whachagonnado Twin Peaks?  Sue me?  Will the owner of Twin Peaks send me an angry private message?  Bring it!  Lol.  The view was good, but it was at night.  Some of the houses looked cute as dickens.
One of my favorite spots in the city...but I'm not the only one as you can tell from other Yelpers. I take all my tourist friends here and all of them leave amazed...unless the fog rolls in and you can't see anything. I actually prefer the view with the fog and the rain...it makes SF..SF! Also, when its raining the crowd is actually smaller. Only crazy people like me go up there when its raining. But its super super pretty when you watch the city getting rained on. It makes me calm.  Ok enough with the fog and rain. On a clear day you can see the entire city and across the bay. The view is amazing. You can also climb up a small trail up the other hill for another view. Not a lot of people know this but there is a small trail to the right of the entrance where people usually park. Parking can be a hassle on a busy day but I've always found parking.
Nice view of the city.Twin Peaks is a nice place to go to get a great view of the city. We went up to the top of one of the hills and took photos from there. Make sure you wear a wind breaker because it is extremely windy. The view is great but there isn't much else to do and the view gets tiresome after a few minutes. It's probably a place you stay for 10 minutes or less to soak in the view but not much else. There are some tourists from bus tours that stop by and there are 2 glorified and luxurious looking portable potties for your convenience.I wouldn't rate this a must-see in the city but if you have time, it's a decent place to stop by.
Been here a bunch of times and the view will differ depending on the fog. Came here Saturday with the family and it's windy and cold as heck. Parked away from the crowd and was welcomed with broken glasses all over the pavement (says something about the activity around the area) so park at your own risk. As we embarked atop the peak we were welcomed once again with the sweet smelling of fresh cannabis in the air. The view was beautiful and not a fog to see that day. We didn't stay for long though as the wind and cold were inevitable and our noses started running. Anyhow, it's a great place to bring visiting family that wanted a good view of San Francisco and take some touristy pictures. Dress in layers as the weather can be unpredictable up here. Enjoy the hike and take in the scenery.
I don't know what it is but every time I'm there I see a broken car window.  People, do not leave valuables visible in your car. Nowhere in San Francisco.Imagine coming back from a 360 degree experience of overlooking this beautiful city on a clear day - you won't get any better views - and you see what some idiot schmuck has done to your car. Not worth it.However, visiting this unique and beautiful spot will be worth of your time.Be safe, people.
The 18th-century Spanish conquistadors referred to them as the Breasts of the Indian Maiden because of their "natural shape". Or maybe the conquistadors were just horny since they didn't have the Condor Club back then. They stay up all night in Spain after all. Come to think of it, those mammary mountains do remind me of Bette Midler's take on Sophie Tucker's joke: "I was in bed last night with my boyfriend Ernie, and he said to me 'Soph, you got no tits and a tight box'. I said to him 'Ernie, get off my back!'" Rimshot please. Twin Peaks. My 2,800th review. No, I haven't run out of restaurants to review. I just use these 100-mark milestones to celebrate something that I probably take for granted. Twin Peaks is two of those things...I mean "are" two of those things.Leave it to Jamie W. to remind me to tool up here every once in a while to remind ourselves what a grand city San Francisco is from this vantage point. Remember when the apes stampeded down the hillside in "Rise of the Planet of the Apes"? Well, that's not the Twin Peaks I remember. The one I recall was the fake backdrop in "Flower Drum Song" when James Shigeta took Nancy Kwan out for an innocent spin in his open convertible. The view still looks like a fake backdrop, but it is real. The view down Market Street to the heart of downtown can still be gorgeous in the daytime (photo: bit.ly/1swAEEF) or at night (photo: bit.ly/1uYjd6O) if the fog doesn't roll in (though that can be magical as well).It's crowded up there no matter when you go. Expect a line of cars and a whole lotta tourist buses waiting for the few parking spaces up there. I've always had luck with the lot as I think people forget it's there. I have yet to touch one of the aged telescopes that require two bits to peer through. Germs, y'know. Did you know each peak has a name? No, it's not Laverne and Shirley. It's Eureka to the north and Noe to the south. They're 200 meters apart, and Twin Peaks Blvd. does a figure eight around them which I have to admit has led me in the wrong direction (photo: bit.ly/1zJxzcV). So come see the maidens when you're in town if you can bear the traffic. And Ernie, get off my back!
Don't get me wrong, as a Californian native, I do love this place. You get some of the best views of the city from up here, and you really can see just about everything. If you have a car, it's super easy to get here. If you don't ... I'm not really sure what to advise. Guess you could uber here? There's always a ton of people here regardless of the weather, but despite that, you'll still be able to find parking because people tend to go in and out pretty common.BUT. Why not a five star rating if it definitely gives a five star view of SF? Because of the weather. The weather is literally such a hit or miss with this place. Maybe I'm just really unlucky or suck at choosing good days, but the last three times that I've been here have all been terrible. It's either super foggy, or super sunny and not cloudy and perfect but then really really windy, or something else. When the weather gods strike, the magic of this place is definitely not so great. While Twin Peaks gives great aerial views, many of the smaller hills in SF give you equally beautiful views. Sure Twin Peaks is at a higher vantage point, but it's more or less the same view from a different altitude. On a bad day you could enjoy it from your car I guess... but the fun is just sitting there and looking at the beautiful city by the bay.tldr; solid five-star view but weather is always a mess. just be aware of weather conditions because if it's foggy/windy, you won't have that much fun
I'm not really sure how anyone could not rate this 5 stars? Did they not see the view?I will say my uber driver told me I could walk up to twin peaks. If I ever see him again...Even hiking up you can see how beautiful the City is almost instantly. That sky is amazing plus the breeze equals the best feeling ever.Once you make it to the top you're breath is literally taken away because it's that damn beautiful. I could have spent hours just sitting and staring at the city.Is it a tourist trap, yes. Is it beautiful, absolutely. Would I do it again, in a heartbeat.
Came here last night while the rain cooled down and it was sooooo foggy!!!! Came again tonight and yay! Finally got to see it. Worth the trip again and was definitely debating whether to go or not tonight. Thank you for the weather change Mother Nature! Last night in SF & lucky to see this killer view.
I have been to this beautiful lookout quite a few times and every single time it takes my breath away...From a blind date at night to a picnic during the day, to my most recent trip of being able to share this beauty with my daughter, the breathtaking view is one to be cherished. You can see from Marin to the south bay and everything in between. They have two bathrooms you can use for free that are kept clean. However, when I went last time one of the bathrooms was out of service so the line for the one bathroom took quite awhile. I have never been here on an overcast or foggy day, so I can't give much insight on the view for those kind of days.Lastly, going here really makes you appreciate all San Francisco has to give and  gives you take a nice break from the fast paced life that everyone is experiencing below. Truly, a great place!
I'm in love with skylines and heights so this place is the perfect place for such a beautiful view of SF. I came here in Janurary two years ago for the sunset and a little bit of the night. It is really cold up there and I would recommend a blanket if you plan on staying for a bit. Parking would just be along the streets and even the drive up is lovely.You can see the golden gate, alcatraz, and a lot of other notable SF landmarks.Do check the weather though because I tried coming here again in April of 2015 and it was too foggy to even navigate the roads. It is possible to hike up here too but I would recommend a drive if you are just visiting SF.
What a view!!! Nice quick stop that allows you to see most of San Fran! there are bathrooms there too (didn't use them so can't comment on how clean they are)... Definitely a place to check out if in the san fran area!
Oh Twin Peaks. It's one of those places that you have to visit at least once. I mean, where else are you going to get an overview of the city? Think panorama. On our most recent visit to San Francisco, my sister insisted we go to Twin Peaks for my parents and it did not disappoint. There are a couple of ways to get here but for the sake of time, we just drove up here and walked the last hill up to the top which is the highest peak. I heard you can hike here from the twin peaks highway though if you're into that. By the way, it was absolutely freezing so make sure you come bundled up especially if you're coming at night.You're probably not going to get a better view of the entire city and for free. Parking isn't too bad neither since most people don't stay up there for more than a few pictures worth because of the weather. It may be a place where tourists go but I've been to the city many times and still can't get enough of this beautiful city. Twin Peaks made me appreciate it more for sure. Be careful of all the cars and driving because it is a very curvy road up and back down. 4/5
