Union Square is definitely my must go places in SF. Great for shopping, eating, taking a stroll and relaxing!They have popular department stores, upscale boutiques, art galleries, restaurants, hotels, and movie theaters. My favorite stores are Zara and Uniqlo. Also, there is a Westfield San Francisco Centre nearby on Market St.
I have stayed all around SF during my many trips here and Union Square is always my go to location for convenience.You're in the heart of the city and centrally located for easy getting around to other areas (trolly cars and BART is easily accessible).  Not to mention, Union Square is close to amzaing shops and restaurants.It's also just a great place to pop a squat and people watch.Bring a jacket and comfy shoes.  :)
I'm in a different world here.  This is my third time today, and each time I come I notice more.  I feel like I am in the middle of something amazing.  If you visit San Francisco, you need to make this your first stop.  You will feel like you're in a different place.  All the great stores are here.  I'm in heaven.I can't wait to wake up tomorrow!
A little rich for my blood but awesome for window shopping, photo snapping, eating, sipping, streetcar riding, hotel staying, night life having, bar hopping, conversing, meeting, greeting and just plain ole fun loving San Francisco memory making.I absolutely cannot wait to visit this beautiful place again. I left my heart...~Christy (STL)
Passed through here twice on the way to and from meeting the bus tour. A very neat park, which at this time of year is overrun by construction and an ice skating rink. This would probably be awesome if it wasn't for the cranes, the jackhammers and the immense anount of noise going on.It's just a one-block area, but it's surrounded on all sides by high end shopping destinations, hotels and restaurants. Make it a point to stop here.Note: As is usual in San Francisco, homeless people abound.
Wide open area in San Francisco covered with cement, chairs and tables for people to enjoy coffee. I feel like it's more like a square than it is a park, because I don't see much greenery in this area. Moreover, it is really just one big space.Search up this place on google, you'll learn a bit about it's history of why it's a monuemental place. One thing that you will definitely see is the big Macy's in the back. What i loved most about this place are the little heart decorations on each side of this "park". I took pictures beside two of them - one of them was white with many collages on it and the other one was a red heart with san francisco's bay bridge graffitied over it.
I've never done a review for Union Square as most people already know it's the hub of San Francisco, a great place to shop, beautiful at Christmas etc. However, I am writing this to let people know who may be planning a trip here that there is a MAJOR AMOUNT OF CONSTRUCTION going on right now. You will be walking under scaffolding and through corridors. It's just not the norm at the moment but with that being said once you make it around the construction and get up in the square it is a sight to see at Christmas time!The Tree will be lit Friday November 27th at 6:00 pm and Jordin Sparks will be headlining it.goldiejames.com/christma…
Nice to sit here in the summer with a nice temperature. Really nice to sit and relax. But so many beggars. They are everywhere
Hearts of San Francisco, luxury hotels, and shopping! Plus the famous cable cars and all the tour buses go through here.My favorite time is definitely at night, when there's less crowds, and in the middle of this busy city you can just sit with a nice warm drink and just hang out.Home of the Dewey Monument, where the Goddess of Victory welcomes you.
Union Square is definitely a great central location to stay.  This beautiful park is surrounded by hotels and shopping.  Local artists have paintings set up to browse.  It seems as every form of transportation around the city will stop here.  There are several cable car stops, cabs, several tour bus companies as well as the occasional limo service for $7 to the wharf.  There is a cute little coffee and treat business by the park with tables.  This is great for many to enjoy a quick breakfast or lunch in a nice setting.  Union Square has everything you need.  You stay at the Westin St Francis or shop at Tiffany's.  It's all great!
Union Square is hands down my favorite place to shop in the Bay Area. It has everything you could ever want! It is a shopping paradise that also has yummy food. I could easily spend an entire day here and have an absolute blast.My favorite stores include the gigantic eight (?) story Macy's right in the middle of the square, Nordstrom in the Westfield Mall, the MAC makeup store, the Sephora store, and the three story Forever 21. I also love to browse Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue when I feel like treating myself. My favorite food spots to hit up are Tout Sweet in Macy's (some of my favorite macarons!), the Cheesecake Factory in Macy's (lovely restaurant for dinner and has glorious views of Union Square since it is located at the top of Macy's), Godiva in Westfield Mall (hello truffles!), ENO wine bar (it's wine -- need I say more?), and Dojima Ann (for delicious and inexpensive sushi). I particularly love Union Square during the holidays when they light a humongous tree in the middle of the square and build a cute little ice rink right next to the tree. There is no where else I feel more festive than when I am spending the day in Union Square for the holidays!Union Square also has a stop where you get on the cable car to ride into other parts of the city, but the line is always incredibly long, and I don't believe it is worth it for the wait considering BART and MUNI also have stops right in Union Square that can take you anywhere in the city as well. Union Square is one of my favorite spots in the city, and I'll always keep coming back!
So my fiancé and I have been coming here for the past few years during Christmas and Santa Con. We love seeing everyone here dressed in santa costumes and checking out all the holiday decorations. This year they had an area next to Macy's where kids could play and shoot their lightcopters. This is the city so there's always some weirdos here so be prepared for that lol.
I LOVE SF!There's no other place like it.  I've been coming here since I was a chubby toddler.  Remember Emporium, remember Woolworth's, remember the iconic Brown twins, we can start a thread about remember when SF had......the list would be endless.  I know we all share some of kind of memories while strolling through the park and hangin' at Union Square, whether shopping, people watching, hoppin' on a cable car, or attending a party/function.  Don't forget to dress in layers - bring a coat, jacket or hoodie year-round :) youtube.com/watch?v=tTBs…
Best place to enjoy your morning breakfast and latte. Simply buy your take away from the Walgreen's Upmarket on Powell, find a table and enjoy people watching.  There is also an Italian cafe on the SW corner with yummy selections.The local artist guild sets up there in the morning and there are regular music concerts in the afternoons.Tour buses leave from the SW corner, and all the big stores surround the park. Chinatown gate is a few blocks north and over.
Right in the heart of SF is this little park taking up a city block.  When I was there, an ice rink was set up.  It's a nice place to sit and observe the hustle and bustle of the Frisco activity.  A great location for shops, restaurants and hotels.  The walk is not too bad from the metro as well.  The famous cable car passes through here and get you all the way to Fisherman's Wharf.  My hotel was not too far from here.  I intentionally reserved to stay in this area due to it's close proximity to great shops and restaurants.
Union Square Park is great to visit if you're visiting for the first time, especially around the holiday season. There's lots of space & places to sit. It's also surrounded by hearts, a few cafes & shopping outlets. It's smack dabbed in the heart of the city!I love visiting here when it's night time because everything is lit up & the air is usually breezy! It's also less crowded at night time & all the pigeons are asleep. It's also quiet & peaceful at night. During the day, you hear the busy roads & people walking fast to get to where they need to go.There's a parking garage right underneath the park but it's pricey per hour.You haven't experienced San Francisco if you haven't visited Union Square!
Love that this little park and square is just several blocks up the road from me. It's definitely well appreciated, especially since the only other green space is all the way up in Nob Hill. It's a nice pit stop for the dogs, and great to check out all the cool events going on in the city. There's something different going on in the square every time I go there, from swing dancing to salsa, even to just wine by the glass and enjoying someone's company. Nice little chill oasis in the middle of this concrete jungle called SF.
This was a great place to visit. I was able to take a picture with 3 different hearts. Unfortunately, the place was under construction and a portion of it was blocked off. It's in the heart of San Fran and right by the trolley!
Another tourist spot of SF. It is located in the middle of a lot of tall buildings and shopping centers. On the four corners of Union Square, there are the iconic hearts of SF that you have probably seen people take pictures with. There is a red one with the golden gate bridge that is always there but the other three rotates often.During my most recent visit, there was a lot of construction going on so one of the corners did not have a heart sculpture. The other two were pretty cool, one had "Hello" written in the various languages of the world and the other consisted of polaroid snapshots of SF. This is a neat place to stroll around and window shop or even bar hop!
Great place to wander and watch people, shop, and stroll along the place.Perfect spot to sit a relax with a cup of coffee or boba haha.After walking around and all, we sat there and just stared at all these amazing architectural buildings surrounding the park.7 For All Mankind, Aldo, H&M, Saks 5th Avenue, Tiffany & Co. Most are all high-end retailers.For first-timers and tourists, great place to check it out!Take pictures with SF hearts on the corners of the park!There's a parking structure and fees vary with time.
I work a block away so I hang out or pass through here a lot.Positives:- The holidays are a fun, festive time. There's a big tree and the whole square is decked out, complete with an ice skating rink.- Always fun to people-watch.- The heart sculptures- Lots of restaurants around and in it.- SHOPS EVERYWHERE- Usually sunny by the afternoon. Protected from the wind.- Cable cars and lots of other class SF attractions are right here.Negatives:- If you don't like crowds, you won't want to be here. It's hectic!!- LOUD. Noise from people, traffic, and construction is nonstop.- Crowded. Often no actual seats available, especially in the shade.- Lots of homeless people, bible thumpers, and other sales people for tourist things.- Tourist confusion to the Nth degree. Like, on the phones, taking pics, oblivious to the locals trying to come and go or just sit and relax.- PIgeons. Everywhere. With their droppings.
Union Square has always been a favorite part of my city to go to and to spend the days. During the spring and summer days, it's nice to sit at and have a cup of iced tea or some lunch. On fall and winter days, walking around and hanging out is just as nice. During the holiday season they have an ice skating rink, huge Christmas tree and menorah for Hanukkah and Christmas lights all around. There are a lot of shops around Union Square, mainly high end stores like LV, Prada, NM, VS, Tiffany & Co, Bulgari etc so if those are your stores than this is your place to be around. There are also plenty of hotels around if you are coming from out of town because everything is local. Definitely come check this out if you have never been or if you are from the area, hanging out here is cool too! Only down side is the parking is hard to find and yes it's expensive - but it's SF, so what do you expect? Lol
This review is all about the park. (There's a separate listing for the 'hood.) Sometimes I purposefully select my walk route to pass through this centrally located square. But occasionally I'm disappointed that my diagonal shortcut is blocked off by fences for a temporary event. (Lots of events happen here, and some like to put up huge tents in the middle, which hinders the usual for foot traffic across the park.)There's something for everybody, which is why everyone from different walks of life congregates here. In the spring, you can admire cherry blossoms juxtaposed with the year-round palm trees. Between May and October, you can catch live performances, thanks to Union Square Live. In the winter, you'll likely see the gargantuan Macy's Christmas (fake) tree, the oversized menorah, and the ice skating rink.The park is also friendly for tourist activities: at least two different hop on, hop off tour bus companies have stops here, and there's also a bike rental service on the west side of the park.It also has a long history. You will can read more of these facts on the plaque located at the southwest corner of the park, but the following are my favorites:* Union Square was originally called O'Farrell's Mountain in 1847 because it was a sand dune. The sand dune was cleared around 1860, and the park was named after the public rallies held in support of the Union during the Civil War.* After the 1906 earthquake, temporary hotel rooms were built in the square while St. Francis Hotel was being reconstructed.* Timothy Pflueger (architect of the Castro Theater and the San Francisco Stock Exchange) designed the parking garage under the square, which was the first underground parking facility and doubled as an air raid shelter.The verdict: As a local, I do have a love-hate relationship with Union Square, but I think I secretly love it more than I hate having to navigate the throngs of tourists in the area.
Union Square is in a swanky area of SF, stores such as Saks, Neiman Marcus, Tiffany's, Macy's, etc. are surrounding the big paved park. At Xmas it's beautiful with the ice skating rink and giant lit tree. Summers are nice to sit under a tree or on spark bench with a coffee and people watch. There's a lot of good restaurants nearby, nice hotels such as St Francis or Sir Francis Drake, and there within the park a couple small cafes.
there is only really one way into the park at the moment as construction is going on.  The steps face Macy's and there is usually a hot dog cart across the way.  Do try a hot dog they are organic and tasty.Bad news is that with the construction there are places the homeless can hide out and avoid the folks that are hired to evict them.  I wouldn't have a  problem with it if they would sit and stay warm but when they get in your face and harass your kids that's not a good thing.
This is a great meeting location and starting point to venture the Union Square. There's Tiffany, Macy's, LV, Chanel, Neiman, etc., at the immediate site. Walking several yards in any direction, you'll find more shops and diverse restaurants. 100 yards down on Powell St, there's the Westfield Mall, Bloomingdales, Nordstrom, and many many more.  This is also the main location for cable cars, if you planning on using this form of transportation during your trip. The Union Square Park is a beautiful city park unlike other parks. You'll see diverse people constantly bustling through and many will stop to take photos or selfies, locals casually strolling, workers taking a break, street musicians at every turn, and beggars.. The cosmopolitan city feel is extremely appealing. Come check it out for yourself.
San Francisco is enhanced by Union Square. It is utterly marvelous, but it would be even more so if there happened to be a darn time where the pedestrian crossings are not complicated by endless construction. There is some tall art, beautiful buildings to see, advertisements somewhat geared towards the square, food, places to sit down and much, much more. The Bay Area Rapid Transit system is very close to here along with plenty of local bus services and cable cars for the tourists.It was a welcome experience to visit Union Square again. This place especially looked good in the evening. So much is going on in this one square, it's crazy. With the likes of Disney and Apple in close proximity, this may not be Times Square, but that could be something of an aim.Union Square is a great location to visit.
Good news: the new subway system is advancing nicely, with construction going at a much more rapid pace since falling behind due to the Christmas holidays.Bad news: This park isn't as beautiful now.I had a day off and wanted to read a book in the beautiful sunny day, so I headed here thinking I could lounge on the grassy steps and read/people watch for an hour or 2.There is now construction going on 3 out of 4 of the streets. Stockton is (and has been) closed off completely. Geary is starting to see shifted lanes, orange cones, and disrupted sidewalks. The construction is also spilling onto Post street on the North End.They have taken out half of the iconic "hearts" that border the park. The grassy area was closed off for "maintenance due to recent storms."So as I sat on a ledge and read, the sounds of jack-hammering and construction machines filled the air instead. What a drastic change from 3 weeks ago when this park was lively and inviting.But of course, the construction can only bring good changes and additions to this city. But in the meantime, the park will suffer a bit in the aesthetics department.
I have been here multiple times and it's absolutely wonderful! It's such a cute place for pictures and absolutely beautiful during Christmas time because of that giant Christmas tree. It was actually my first time here for the Tree Lighting Event and it was crazy! The park itself is huge. It takes up the very center of the Downtown SF shopping area. It's literally a square right in the middle of all the shops. It's sort of a big park where you can rest and just sit and talk after a long day of shopping! It's also a nice place to take pictures, especially with the hearts they display. I do think they take it down once in a while because I only saw one this last time I went. But during the normal seasons, there's usually a few hearts on the corners of the park. It's only during Christmas when they put up on these decorations and the giant tree. They also have a ice skating rank right at the park, too! This is definitely worth a trip to at least once when you're in Downtown SF. It really is a tourist place, but it's great to be there to get that Downtown SF experience. Parking can be painful, but I suggest going a little further to those parking garages.
Ice skating was great. It is much cheaper if you buy online ahead of time. I think they have a playlist of the worst Christmas music of all time. Literally the very worst. Please play better music. It's so bad.
Union Square Park is a great central location in the very compact city of San Francisco! High end shopping surrounds for several blocks out, lots of great hotels to choose from, a major trolley stop is located on one of the four framing streets, tons of eateries here and there, the iconic, Tony Bennett song inspired SF Heart art pieces are present for fun and cute photo opps, and the park maintains several beautiful palm tress (quite the feat for so often cold NCal SF). One of the major streets is currently under construction, so that certainly deters from the overall charm a bit. Apparently the park underwent a recent renovation, thus ridding the area of many homeless people and dissuading the once present pickpockets as well. There are occasional spottings of street performers to take pleasure in; however, for being such a "city center" park (particularly with all of the ever present tourists about 7 days a week), the lack of street food (there is one pretzel stand) is quite perplexing. Perhaps city permit issues, rules and regs, ...?   Overall, USP is a very nice place to sit on a sunny day, enjoy a cool drink, relax for a bit and give your feet a rest...and of course, people watch. A park is not a city park unless there is good people watching to be had. :0
Union Square is a plaza more than it is a park in a sense that there is far more concrete with tables and chairs than green and trees.  There is a cafe on the east side called Emporio Rulli but there are places to sit and just relax in this very dense and noisy part of town.  This square is surrounded by hotels and retail shopping stores such as Macy's and Neiman Marcus and the specialty stores like Tiffany, Gucci and Chanel.  This area in general down to market has much of the big shopping in the downtown area.  Big stores like the Gap and Anthropologie are down closer to Market.The west side of the square is Hyde Street where the cable car turns around just at the bottom near Market St so it's easy access this area if you're a tourist staying near Fisherman's Wharf.
Union Square Park was a great little breath of fresh air amongst the hustle and bustle of down town. The Union Square Mall was under construction and extra stressful, which made this utopia of a park even more refreshing. I liked the fact that there was a little store in the park to buy food and beverages, including alcoholic beverages. While I went shopping my husband relaxed with a beer and people watched. It worked out perfectly.
There are so very many things that I love about San Francisco, and while tourismy tourism full of tourists isn't tops on that list, I still do love it. So that's the thing that I like about Union Square. You have all the consumerism that you'll ever need--Tiffany's, Macy's, and any other y's you can shake a stick (or a credit card) at.But keep your eyes open, because this is, after all, San Francisco. So you'll still see pigeons, and political messages, and weirdos, and amazing style, and killer food nearby. You don't have to look too far beyond that family from Wisconsin to see that street musician trying to make a living. I took a stroll near holiday times, and they've got the massive Christmas tree up in the park. And lots of skating. And it's completely lovely. But even in the non-winter months, this is a must-see (at least once) for anyone checking the San Francisco box off of their travel list.
Whenever I think of San Francisco, I think of Union Square. The energy of this place makes it seem like the center and hub of the entire city. Shops line the entire square, as well as restaurants, and even though you may not be able to afford Prada or Gucci or Louis Vuitton, it is still fun to walk around in the city surrounded by skyscrapers and the aura of wonder.
Every tourist and local ends up here whether by choice or chance.This square is a lot of things.  It's the center of shopping, there's a garage underneath, there are painted hearts, a cafe, a ticket booth and a bus stop for tourist buses.  There is also plenty of space to enjoy a snack or people watch.  There are a lot of events where they will tent.  During the winter they have an ice skating rink which is pretty picturesque.  It's always buzzing with activity.  Meet up here, rest here, take pictures with your favorite art heart.
Heart of Downtown. Every since they remodeled Union Square things have gotten better and better. Great respite to take a break from shopping or to get out of the office to grab a quick drink, coffee, or lunch.It appears the bums are allergic to the clean so that is a major bonus.Great to see all the tourists scurrying about.Take a few minutes in your hectic day and plop yourself down and see what happens!!!
Five stars! Lots to do and shop around! Many good eateries around! In holiday months they have an ice skating rink as well! Fun.    !
How can you go to San Francisco and not make a stop at Union Square Park? Similar to what others are saying, there is something for everyone here. The diversity of the people who visit this place every day is mind blowing..so many different languages being spoken at one time it's crazy to think about. My favorite thing to do here is people watch. There are people from all walks of life who pass through this place. Surrounding this park are tons of great shopping destinations like Louis Vuitton, Macy's, etc...and plenty of spaces to lounge around to people watch. During the winter time there is a decent skating rink and beautiful Christmas trees adorned with unique trinkets and ornaments. During the summer, there are a variety of activities that occur throughout the day and in the evening-my favorite thing I have done here is watch an outdoor movie - perfect for a chilly night so you can bring fleece blankets to stay warm. My only semi gripe about this place is the heavy number of pan handlers who can get a little intense...
You're not going to find a better place to capture the essence of downtown San Francisco than Union Square. Besides plenty of tourists, you'll see plenty of quirky locals, performances, impromptu speeches, protests, parades, tours and anything else you can think of. It's the ultimate place to people watch. All you have to do is take a seat, sit back and enjoy. Since I was a tiny kid, I've always loved coming here. It's a historic central hub, a bustling centerpiece to the vibrant city around it. There is always LIFE happening here. Spend a couple hours here on any given day and you'll witness so many of the people that make the city by the bay so great. Besides the human element, there is also plenty of architecture to admire. The Westin St. Francis, one of the most beautiful hotels on the west coast, is on the west end.
Union Square is filled with Christmas spirit. The stores around the Macy's Christmas Tree all came together to sing you Yelpers this Christmas Carol...***(The Twelve Days of Christmas)On the first day of Christmas, my Yelpers sent to me...12 Shoppers shopping11 Skaters skating10 Taxis waiting   9 Men are shaving  (TheArtOfShaving)8 Lattes Brewing    (Starbucks)7 Models modeling  (VictoriasSecret) 6 Cheesecakes baking  (TheCheesecakeFactory)5 Tifffffffffffany Rings!   (Tiffanys)4 Afternoon Tea   (TheRotunda)3 Handbags  (LouieV)2 Jordan buffs  (Niketown)Annnnd Macy's with their BIG Treeeeeeeeee  (Macy's)***Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays Yelpers! Come enjoy Union Square and have a December to remember! Special thanks to Macy's for putting up the tree every year :)-----Bonus carol from Niketown, which happens to be foodkid's fave store and Christmas song...***NikeTown, Last Christmas***Last Christmas, I gave you gift cardddbut you saw some hype J's, and blew it awayy.This year, to save you some timeI'll buy you the Retro specials!   #LegendBlue #AJXI #GOODLUCK
This place is active. Often times, events are being held here. It is super busy.Parking is right underneath and when Christmas is around, this where the Huge tree is. Right next to SF's shopping district!
Hehe how do I not write about one of my most favorite parks?One of the hearts of San Francisco, Union Square is the busy bustling mecca filled with people of all kinds. Workers, businessmen, businesswomen, school kids, families, friends, lovers, etc. This is the place where every tourist needs to see at least once in their lives. This is the place where a lot of the magic occurs for SF.For one thing, this park is completely surrounded with loads of stores. Boutiques, restaurants, hotels, you name it, it's probably here (maybe lol). One of the best things to do is to choose to dine outside of cheesecake factory (inside Macy's) and you'll find yourself staring down the people all around. Make sure its a sunny day!During Christmas, this place is the place to be. The beautiful Christmas tree is a sight that no one wants to miss. Take pictures, this tree goes down some time in the middle of January. And people can enjoy the ice skating rink after gazing upon the tall Christmas tree.The only downside about this place is getting here if you drive. Just. Don't. LOL. Congested traffic + angry drivers + loads of pedestrians = should've used public transportation. There is a thing about finding all the Hearts of San Francisco. Union square has one. So definitely find it and look for more!
A nice town square in the center of the city. There's not much on this square itself, but this is the epicenter of a lot of downtown SF.
SF is a very unique city great shopping food and bars Union square is a landmark in the city if u haven't been get there!!!
Great place during the holidays to enjoy ice skating and see beautiful Christmas decorations!
Union Square Park is smacked dabbed in the middle of SF's shopping mecca.  This is the circumference of point zero, you will find lux boutique shops, big departments stores, fine dining, hotels, and the hustle and bustle of tourist, residents, workers, food seekers and shoppers surrounding this park.  This is where you can put your feet up, drink a cup of latte, wear your sunglasses as you people watch or take cheesy peace symbol photos in front of the 'I love SF' heart statues.  This park hosts various events throughout the year!  Here are some things to make your heart race into the square...!) Movie in the Park - during the warm summer nights, they will play old classics on a jumbo sized screen.  Bring a blanket, a picnic basket and find a comfortable spot to snuggle with your family and loved ones.  There's romance in the air...!) Weekend music festivals - pop in to listen to the beat and perhaps swing dance with a live band playing on the band stand.  It's lively, fresh, and festive when the music is blaring out and believe me, your toes will tap to the music!!) Santacon!! - 1 day out of the year, all Santa Clause outfits can be dusted and worn to this function.  Sexy Santa, Drunk Santa, Bumble bee Santa, Normal Santa, Greedy Santa, Naked Santa... you name it, that santa has been here!  It's a sea of RED and it should never be missed.  Though you may feel claustrophobic at times...!) Hermes Museum Tent - See Hermes artisans make purses right in front of your eyes.  See the leather and watch it transform into the most expensive purses in the world.  Luxury that you can appreciate as an artform.  !) kristie Yamaguchi Ice Skating Rink - it's here every year.  Though its small and the ice is choppy from the sun beating down into the rink, it is a tradition that shouldn't be missed.  This year, they had drag queens kick-off the opening of the rink.  A site you will never see anywhere else but San Francisco!I can go on and on about how fabulous this park is.  But you should come here for yourself and experience it.  Who knows what you'll find at this park, as I had stumbled into most of these events by accident.  But event or none, this is definitely one of the best parks you'll ever visit in San Francisco...
We come here usually just for a quick break from walking from place to place, this last time was to let my little nephew get out of his stroller & run around a bit.  It's a big open space with all walks of life there, this time with lots of weed wafting thru the air.  So maybe not so great to bring the little ones.
TOURIST TRAP.  Only reason I love coming here is because they showcase the new hearts on 3 of the 4 corners.  They aren't there now because it's closer to the end of the year and probably already sold and the new hearts come out in February.  The other corner is Tony Bennett's heart inspired by his song "I left my heart in San Francisco" called America's Greatest City by the Bay.  That one never moves.  It's great they showcase the hearts because a ton of people see it.  It brings the publicity the hearts need and it showcases local area artists.  I love art in public places plus these hearts raises money for the San Francisco General Hospital. It's a good place to people watch since shopping is everywhere.  It's close to the BART and the cable cars.  I love christmas time because they have ice skating and the giant christmas tree.  Sometimes they have events at Union Square.  I remember there was a Japanese Pop event or something like that.  There are always street performances around union square so that's always fun.  Lots to do and see at union square!
When you walk into Union Square Park, you feel like you're in an urban oasis of fine shops and fancy folks.  I have to admit, when I walk around this area, I feel a little out of place in my frayed jeans and modest Merona fleece.  Honestly, it is a real treat to step off of BART at the Powell station and walk on the glittering sidewalks that lead up to Union Square.  I can pretend, if only just for a few moments, that I am a high-paying executive working in one of those high rise buildings in FiDi :)  Union Square Park itself is well-designed and gorgeous day or night.  There are large steps with grassy landings, tall palms, and beautifully painted hearts at some of the park's corners.  Planters overflow with exquisite specimens of Angel's trumpets (Brugmansia, for my fellow botany nerds :p) while nearby planters contain vividly colored annuals (petunias, if I recall correctly).  Emporio Rulli Cafe sits right on Union Square and caters to your coffee and sandwich needs.  Outdoor seating is a must for a cafe like this, and Emporio Rulli does not disappoint with its ample seating in the sun, shade, or indoors.  I really like how there are oversized steps inside Union Square Park for lounging and people-watching, too.  At nighttime, the lights from the street and neighboring shops cast warm shadows and pools of mysterious light on the park's stones.  It is quite a different feel at nighttime, but just as beautiful as in the day.  Right now, there is a warm red glow in the Square from all the Chinese New Year lanterns!  Various events are held on Union Square, so check their website to stay up to date with them.  And if you can, stop by during the holiday season to watch the Macy's Union Square tree lighting ceremony.  It is crowded, but oh so breathtaking to see.  It definitely ignites the holiday spirit in everyone, too! :)
I went to Union Square Park for the NBA Nations tour. I was excited to hear it was in San Francisco during my visit. I feel lucky because the tour only go to 8 cities. The entire basketball setup in the park was cool. I was like a kid in the candy store. I love basketball and having courts in the heart of Downtown San Francisco was unreal. The park is shaded well and you can enjoy sun. If I lived in San Francisco, Union Square Park would be a regular hangout for me. I'm glad I got to experience playing basketball in Union Square Park. The different hearts throughout the park is a big tourist attraction for pictures. A lot of foot traffic comes through the park during prime hours. Union Square Park is a good place for relaxation in San Francisco.
One of the most beautiful area in San Francisco city for the visitors & local . I went there More that 4 times with my friends, it's very nice to chill-out and they have a very good café in the corner for breakfast.
People watching, lively city life, shopping, live music.. Always something going on. Love this place.  Bring a blanket & chill in the sun.
This is just a tourist spot. When we came there was a lot of people selling art. It's a must see if your visiting SF.
One of my favorite places to go in SF. Pretty touristy, but I like it. There always seems to be an event going on, but I never have trouble finding parking. The garage conveniently is located underground. It gets expensive, but it's better than driving around for an hour to find street parking where your car can easily get dinged/scratched/stolen(?). There are sooo many places to shop. My boyfriend is a huge Nike fan, so we always go there. Neiman Marcus is also nice if you want something more high end.
Once in a while I visit SF Union Sq for lots of events and seeing & making a wish on the big Christmas tree down there. Also Like to see people I skating down there too.
It's no wonder that my friends kept saying that our trip will be even more fun because we stayed in Union Square -- this park is gorgeous!It's a cute courtyard with events like concerts, art shows and more. I wish we had more time to stay longer. This is probably one of the few places during our visit with the least number of hobos IN the park (or maybe we got lucky?). It took a while to snag a touristy picture of the iconic hearts because other people were trying to do the same thing, but it's nothing to complain about. The surrounding streets are filled with brand name stores where you can spend hours milling around. If you're visiting, I would definitely recommend stopping by. I saw a picture of an ice skating rink in the middle of the park, and it's already on my to-do list of my next trip here.Bring your dog, wear a hat/sunglasses and relax!
If you dislike Union Square, your soul must be made of antifreeze or something.Beloved by both locals and tourists alike, Union Square is the urban heart of SF -- and, by some measures, the entire West Coast.  Its closest cousin would be Times Square in NYC, but Union Square is infinitely tidier, classier, and more welcoming.Shopping?  Union Square has you covered.  All the world-class boutiques (plus Uniqlo!) are within a block.  The Westfield San Francisco Centre is right there too.Dining?  Plenty of that too.  Sure, a handful of chain restaurants loom large over the place, but there's no shortage of interesting mom-and-pop shops and bistros.People-watching?  Of course there's people-watching... It's SF after all.  On any given day, you'll have street performers, Japanese tourists, scavenger hunters, and other miscellaneous crazies vying for your attention.  They're never rude or pushy, though.Relaxing?  That's the best part of all!  On a gorgeous spring day, just plop yourself on one of the many benches, and soak up the sun in the company of waterfalls of flowers.  There's really no better feeling.I love Union Square... and, if I lived in the city, I'd drop by everyday.  =)
Fun time and really cool plants. Not sure the name of the place but it was on the other side of the square opposite of Westin St Francis but a nice breakfast sandwich and juice to start the morning.
This is by far the best public square's in the park in the city. I absolutely love the ice skating rink in the winter time along with the huge christmas tree. So many exclusive store's like Macy's, Louise Vuitton, Gucci, Banana Republic, ect. The cable car also comes throught here pretty frequently. It's the perfect place to sit down, have a bite to eat, and just people watch. Take the escalator's in Macy's to the 7th floor. There you will find the cheesecake factory with all sort's of different cheesecakes to choose from. There's also a bar with a lookout over the square. This is truly one of San Francisco's most treasured gem's.
Self explanatory:It's the spot to see the Christmas tree lighting show, ice skating rink during the holidays, a spectacular view to be in the middle of the shopping area in SF and of course, free movies or shows held here during the summer time.How can you not like it? Besides, it's my meeting spot whenever my friends and I need to meet up for dinner or lunch and head out to go shopping. Or sit around, take in the sights, and enjoy a nice cup of coffee or tea while waiting for friends or families while they meander around union square.The only CONs I have personally, super crowded during the holidays. Especially during SantaCon. Will that keep me clear away from here? Nope. I'll be around.Maybe I'll run into you here Yelpers! Happy shopping!
One of the best parks in SF. It's located right next to Bart (Powell). It has the famous rotating hearts sculpture that is a must photo op. Malls, shopping and nice hotels surround it. The park is clean and has ample room to hangout. Events go on weekly here too. Great meeting point.
Union Square is the buzzing epicenter of retail San Francisco and I find myself passing through here often either to or from various city walks. The square is especially festive during the Christmas season with the tree and ice rink, however, there are other activities throughout the year that set this area abuzz. Just this past weekend, there was a small art show of local San Francisco area artists and in the spring there was a festival dedicated to the culture of Taiawan. It's a great pit stop for sitting and people watching and a great meeting spot as well if you're connecting with some friends in the city. Sure, there is the usual array of the lost, homeless and slightly crazy citizens-but that's anywhere you go in this general vicinity. Use common sense, as you would anywhere else, grab a snack and have seat to admire the bustling square, the well manicured palm trees and the monuments to retail industry (Macy's, Nieman's, Tiffany, etc) nearby.Easy walk from either Montgomery or Powell BART stations-I don't recommend driving-not by any means. Those of you from out of town, take heed on that for sure!Not a full day destination but a nice pit stop in your San Francisco travels.
Coffee in one hand, breakfast in the other, the sun shining on Union Square and me sitting on the steps. That's what I call a perfect morning.
I love all the festivals and events here. Even went on a first date here. During the winter they put up a huge tree and ice ring. Really a great place to ppl watch.
Beautiful place to take pictures at, perfect for tourist. They have four hearts at each corner! Me and my fiancé had nice walk around that park, there is a nice cafe there too and plenty of stores around.
Alway a pleasure, to take a walk, or sit for awhile, on a sunny day here just to enjoy the weather, and of course "people watch".  Today, there was an Art Show, I saw a really great painting, I wish now i would have got it!  Surrounding the park, is some of the best shopping in the world, hard to resist not going in all the great stores.
Yes I like it. I like it in the winter when Christmas decor and the skating rink is in full season. I like it during the spring when the weather is grand. I like it in the summer when tourists come to see how awesome our city is. And I like it in the fall when I can sip a pumpkin spice latte watching people go by.I was here today and there was a huge rally concerning freeing Syria. It added to the cacophony and made for a very unpleasant lounge time. Now I am cool with certain types of protests and I love when people speak up for their beliefs but come on, is chanting "Free Syria" going to free Syria? Last I heard John Kerry isn't around here to hear the chants. Last I knew, our hands were tied with the country. How about doing it at the statehouse in Sacramento or even better, in DC?I mean should I hold up a sign that says "Find the missing Malaysian Airlines Plane!". Will that change anything?Speak freely, but speak effectively - sheesh.
I will go sit there sometimes with a coffee and people watch. Other than a place to sit for a minute for me its okay. I don't enjoy getting frumped at when I don't give homeless people money every 5-10 minutes. I wish there were some better street foods than the pretzel stand outside of Macy's. It is a good place to meet up with people.
Lots of places to find cheaper drinks (water, soda and wine). Walgreens on every corner. Great location to stay since so close to cable cars and muni.  Get a day pass or 2-3 day pass for public transportation. Can use for muni and cable car. Easy to use. Might have to ask for directions. Most people friendly. There are even Union square tourist employees there to help. Great shopping. Close to great restaurants also within walking distance. A muni ride away from giant baseball stadium. Lots of homeless people though.
Regular Tuesday. Not even a holiday, this place is PACKED. Parking garages were full too! Took 3-4 garage drivebys before a "FULL" sign was not seen at the entrance. Also Stockton & Grant (I think) right at the corner of the nike store, construction. You can't go straight. Right turn only! Learned that the hard way. If driving, watch out for pedestrians of all sizes. My only city complaint is, the light for cars and pedestrians are the same length, 20 people can cross the street but only 2-3 cars can make it through. Let's work on that please?
HEARTSIf you don't know where Union Square is, you'll probably know it as the place where there are HEART SCULPTURES ....... because I did. =X And what makes it a tourist attraction? (yelp.com/biz_photos/unio…) taking a photo next to the heart sculpture like yours truly did. There is one on each corner of the park, each decorated in a different design by an artist. Union Square Park is located in the "heart" of Union Square - where you'll find people hustlin' and bustin' to work, several high end eateries (and cheap hot dog stands too) and designer stores. But you'll probably be seeing a bunch of tourists walking around and taking photos (*ahem* like me *ahem*) There is a tall column with a statue within the middle of the park. I'm not quite familiar with the history of the statue, but it stands out that people are taking photos of it, but not as much as the heart sculptures. FYI =*The park is probably the only thing you'll find with grass when you're in the city. *Located above an underground public parking lot *WHICH is very $$$$ parking and probably the only parking nearby*Lots of benches to hang out in the midst of the busy city*Across the street from the largest Macy's (it's the flagship store)*Walk down Powell St. to get to the Westfield SF Center mall (although most of the stores in that mall are also located outside near Union Square Park)*A public restroom is located near the entrance of the parking garage*Near the Westin Hotel and other major hotel boutiques*Great place to people watch!Whether you are a tourist (or not) I'm sure you'd love to take a photo (or two) next to the HEART SCULPTURES! Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #99
Union Square Park is a pretty cool place. Pretty touristy, and packed with people, but there's still space to just sit down and relax among the hustle and bustle of Downtown San Francisco.The main stage of the park is used for various events, such as the SF Chefs Festival, the Christmas ice rink, and many others.The one thing I love is the SF Hearts placed around the park. They change every year, so there's just one more reason to come back - to check out these delightful pieces of art!
Great looking city park.  We came here for Christmas and really enjoyed observing the ice skating rink and huge Christmas Tree.   This park is also located near big name brand stores and restaurants therefore it is easy to spend the whole day here shopping, dining and people watching. The only downfall I would say is the parking.  Oh I am sure SF gets to hear about it all day long but seriously parking can take up a huge chunk of your day.  We took our chances with the parking structure located directly underneath the park even though it said "lot full"  we circled it a few times and finally found parking.  It was not too expensive and the elevator brings you directly to the park so that's a plus.   When you pay your ticket at the end you need to rush out before the 15 minutes is up otherwise you are charged for the extra minutes which can be challenging when everyone is trying to get out all at once.Overall a great park.
Great little park to relax, people watch, read a book, chat with friends, etc Right in the heart of Union Sq - limited grassy areas but the patches facing Macy's have outlets in the ground - great for charging up your electronics.
If your in for a tour to San Francisco this historical landmark is a must to add to your list.Its located in the heart of Downtown San Francisco and this square is surrounded with restaurants,hotels and shops. The popular spots here are the painted hearts sculptures installed on the steps of the square, its a favorite of couples that takes pictures with it or just by everyone. There is even a statue right in the middle of the plaza called the Goddess of Victory which catches your eye. During the Christmas holidays there is huge Macy's Christmas tree displayed here as well.As much as I visit Frisco I don't come here much but It was good memories for me on my first time. When we walk by here Its nice to see people gather and having their Kodak moments.
Love coming here to see the heart structures located on each corner of the park. They change every so often. Plenty of areas to sit and people watch or eat. Located across from a huge Macy's and around various dining establishments. On weekends, you may encounter cultural festivals, protests of some sort, and/or interesting people roaming the area. Good place to chill and hang out.
More often than not this place is full of beggars and homeless people, and the grass stinks of urine from people and dogs pissing everywhere. One time I saw 2 homeless people under a blanket and their legs were uncovered and they were having sex as the man on top was humping away this was broad daylight in the afternoon. There has to be police and park presence to make this place safe and clean.
Neat little park in the middle of downtown.Parking here sucks like crazy.  Best to take the BART here.The park itself is pretty neat, but admittedly most of it is covered in concrete.  You are really just sitting on top of an underground parkade after all.  With that said, there are some nice public art displays here, and there are plenty of steps for you to sit down ponder life, or which ghetto dim sum place to try next.
Such a great spot in the epicentre of San Francsico tourist consumerism. Palm trees, patio furnirture, green space, all a stones throw away from certain credit card debt and busy traffic. manifique.. LURVE!!!Specific stand outs to me were the patio tables/chairs set out and apparently if you're in "the know" there is a free WiFi offering in the area (which I couldn't figure out how to lock into).Echoing the sentiments of Benjamin G, this also makes a great landmark/point of reference for out of towners (such as myself). Worth a stop to rest weary shopping/tourist legs.
