Doggie heaven! Enclosed, spacious, shades or sun, benches, open and flat turf. This dog park really spoils us and we can't find any other parks like this anywhere else. I'm not going to review the visitors at the park, but there are always first world problems.
We've been to 3 dog parks in the city and so far this is the best. It's large, mostly grass (a plus compared to the dog parks that only have dirt), is enclosed, and seems to have a great group of dogs and responsible owners. We'll continue to frequent this place!
Weird review posted on 11/3/15, although poster admittedly came only one time to Upper Douglass park...  I come here because there is quite an assortment and  LOTS of SMALL dogs for my dogs to interact/play with!  And YES, there are a couple of moveable benches, a 'fixed' bench and a picnic table for the humans to sit on.  Parking is ez-pz, always spots available within a hop, skip and jump to the park entrance! Just make sure you read the signs for 'street cleaning' hours.
Love this park! Migrated over here since there has been a bunch of coyote sightings in my neighborhood dog park! It is a nice big space for my dog to run around! Closed on Wednesdays for maintenance though!
loved this dog park!  I was visiting from San Diego and to find this beautiful patch of grass in San Fran was quite a treat.  Someone does a great job taking care of the grass.  We only went 2 times but from what I could tell all of the owners were responsible and were watching their dogs and cleaning up after them.
For some time now, I've been daydreaming of the perfect dog park: it would be a fenced-in space with real grass and mature trees, it wouldn't smell of dog urine, and there would be plenty of room for dogs to romp and sprint at top speed (a tired dog is a good dog, right?). Well, dreams do come true because I discovered Douglass Park this weekend with the help of the Yelp app. Noe Valley isn't exactly close to where I live, but I'd be willing to drive much farther if it means my puppy Sasha gets to safely experience the joys of being off-leash. And Sasha had all the fun! At 10am on a Saturday, more than a dozen friendly dogs were gleefully playing, chasing after their furry friends, and otherwise frolicing to their hearts' content. The park is extremely spacious so all it takes is a short conversation with a fellow dog owner to realize your dog is suddenly offsides, rolling around in the mud with his new buddies.Speaking of mud, the area near the fountain tends to get pretty soggy especially if it's recently rained - otherwise, this would be a 5-star dog park in my book!
This is close to where I live and we have taken our dog here several times after they reopened awhile back. I love that it's fenced in, has lots of greenery and the park offers some pretty fantastic views. Even better, they recently they resolved the mud accumulation issue in the park. Although most of the people we've seen here mind their own business and is just fine we have encountered one lady (blonde, mid 40ish) who wasn't so nice. She yelled at us because while we were making our way in from the first door, the 2nd door inside was left opened and her dog was trying to walk out as we were entering. Her dog didn't escape but she freaked out started screaming and even yelled "are you stupid?!" (Erm, no. We aren't the ones not watching our dog) Funny, because we were still on the other side when her dog already made it through one of the doors. Firstly, she as the owner should be minding her own dog at all times and second, the door on the park side was already wide opened as someone didn't bother closing it. A guy who was leaving also noted the door was already opened. We didn't stoop to her level by yelling back or freaking out, in fact we kept our cool since we knew we weren't in the wrong and calmly let her see for herself she was freaking out at the wrong people. We weren't the one who left the inside door opened. I haven't been in awhile but I'm sure I'll be back as this is so close to our house. But in the meantime we've been trekking to and discovering other parks here in the city.
This dog park is really chill and also kinda chilly!It's a large park, and it's really neat that there's rocks for my dogs to climb! The park itself is pretty dusty due to the lack of rain. Yes, that means no mud! Still would recommend close toed shoes, like with any dog park.Dogs here are more on the large side, saw very little small dogs! A couple of dog walkers come here also! A really calm park especially because the park is so big so every pooch can do their own thing. This place had lots of games of fetch going on. I bring my dog to dog parks to socialize with other dog parks so it sucks when dogs aren't even interested in your dogs. But that was my observation from going just once. Parking is okay! Just street parking though. Wouldn't recommend parking in the dead end because dog walkers drive really big cars.. And we are in SF... A great neighborhood park or if you're not too far away. The drive itself to here was awesome, but not something I would be doing every day! Probably gonna stick to St. Mary's though, as this place has no benches for owners to sit!
My dog loves this park and so do I! It's spacious with a huge lawn and awesome big trees! The terrain is amazing and the views of San Francisco are even more spectacular! If you don't wanna make the trek to Fort Funston, this doggy park will sure suffice...Ninja says two paws up!
Big! Enclosed! Views! Grass! Dirt! Hills! Friendly! Drinking Water! Blessed! Not too much poop! Upper Douglass dog park is great. It's a former baseball field turned into huge enclosed dog run. There's also a big hill behind the baseball diamond for the more adventurous dogs and walkers.
Very nice park, a little overwhelmed by number of dogs at times.  A small dog run or play area would be a good addition.  Adding this pic, sign there yesterday warning of small dog killed. Content of handwritten sign:  "Dog Attack!  Watch out for irresponsible owners of a white and tan and wht husky.  They attached my dog and left.  The wht dog attacked and killed a Yorkie and then left!".  We should spread the word on these events, and add entrance warnings, to help protect small dogs and their unsuspecting owners.  On a positive note, I want to say kudos to Park & Rec for their nice work and upkeep here.  Thank you!
I hope this park reopens soon with the much-needed improvements, especially regarding the mud puddle. My dog also had Giardia this year after the rains, so now I'm wondering if this is where she got it! Corona Heights (though closed this week for renovations) is a really great alternative if you want a good view and enclosed play area!
I love this dog park almost as much as my dog does. It is big with a good mix of big and smaller dogs. Lots of space to run.
Love this park! It's enclosed so it's okay for dogs with slight wanderlust. With all the beautiful trees surrounding you don't feel like there's a huge chain link fence around the grass. One of my dogs loves to chase his friends and my other dog likes to graze on grass within the trees. It's perfect :) most of the owners are very aware and knowledgeable too!
Undiscovered by so many and such a great, grassy dog park! The dogs have so much space to run around in a fenced area and beautiful view of the city for the owners to enjoy. Our new favorite!
I love this dog park. It's fenced, there's  grass and a nice big hill for the dogs to run up and down chasing each other. I drive from Soma with the pup and it's worth it. Minus a star bc of the mud - not going to stop us from going but plan on a bath immediately afterwards.
It's open!!!  Went today for the first time and Oscar (my dog) loved the park. Lots of space, grass is nice and green, plenty of shade, and views of the city. This will now be a daily stop over for my dog and I!!!
Huge, open space, with great views of the city.
I'm glad they finally reopened. I take my two little pups here, the big dogs that come are well behaved and so are the people! I like the fact that the dogs can go roam on the hillside but are still within the park (it's gated) surrounded by trees truly a Heath if fresh air!
Make sure to check out the upper and lower parts of the park!
The grass is back, which is great but parts in the shade are getting muddy already around the water fountain area. The dog walkers who frequent are a gaggle of eccentric people--I recommend bringing earbuds to tune out the chatter so you can enjoy playing with your dogs and letting them run around without all the noise. All the dogs get along for the most part, and the walkers/owners are responsible. Glad I revisited!
I have very mixed feelings about this park.  It's a great layout -- large and with a bonus area to hike up to a section of hillside, which is great for human and dog alike.  However, after SF Park & Rec had this place closed for, what, a year(?) to make improvements, the park now feels like nothing was done to it.   The lush grass after it re-opened now looks exactly the same as when before it closed.  The worst part of the situation is that one of the park's longstanding problems, for years, the "mud bath" around the water fountain, appears as if there was no attempt to resolve it whatsoever.  I went there today and, true, it just rained a few days ago, but in all the years I've gone to this park, including after rain, I've never seen the mud situation as bad as it is now.  I would have assumed that, after fixing the grass/soil, the mud situation around the fountain would have been the next item on the list, e.g., lining the surrounding area with rocks and/or stones.  Alas, it has not -- and I've submitted comment to Parks & Rec on that.   I'm also a bit dismayed to hear from another Yelper that her dog likely contracted Giardia from here.  I'm really glad that people are enjoying this park and I hope it thrives, but I'm likely gonna stick with our other "go-to" off-leash places around the Bay Area.
Love this park. The view is incredible and there is plenty for the dogs to do.
Anjie loves Upper Douglass Dog Park. It's spacious for a gated park, has plenty of dogs, doesn't smell like piss, and offers dog toys and water. The gate system is a bonus. Very wise. So close to home, we could walk!
Love the massive space, love the climbing hill in the back, love the grass (before it's destroyed), love the available parking. Worth taking a special trip to get there.DON'T love the massive mud puddle near the (now non-working) fountain because the rain water collects and can't drain. My dog got giardia last year and I know it was from this park. Not sure what numbskull decided to put a fountain in the part of the park that NEVER gets sun, or put in so much concrete in front that the water just puddles, THEN just plants grass in front of the concrete (where the water pools and there's never any sun) thereby creating a mud puddle worthy of any pig. I hear they're going to move the fountain but there doesn't seem to be much movement on that. There are 2 new big piles of gravel just sitting there, at the very least can you put some in front of the fountain to counteract the giant puddle that dogs try to drink? There are people constantly yelling at the dogs to get away from the water. It's comical until you experience the massive quantities of bloody diarrhea and expensive vet bill when your dog gets giardia.Also-I go in the morning/early afternoon when the dog walkers are there. They know how to control their dogs and they know - objectively - the personalities of those dogs and anticipate problems. I don't like going there when owners bring their dogs after work. That seems to be when a lot of fights and questionable behavior tends to happen. It's horrible that someone's dog was killed earlier this month. When behavior gets a little extreme my dog and I leave.
Very awesome dog park. I bring my dogs here when I can, it's just the trouble of getting their on public trans or getting a ride from a friend. What I love most about this park is that it's fenced in, it's large and theres lots of dogs. This is one of my favorite dogs parks in sf next to the one on 38th & Fulton in GGP. This park has so much space for the dogs to play, and even a huge hill for dogs to run up and down that's also in the fenced area. They have fresh water lots of places to sit and enough ppl come so your bound to have a casual conversation with someone. I highly recommend this dog park.
Solid dog park.  Completely fenced in and has a drinking fountain and extra baggies.  The weather has been pretty dry for a few days and it was a bit on the muddy side  I'd hate to see the mess it would be if it actually had rained this week.  Only two benches next to each other that I saw.Parking was easy on a Sunday afternoon.  We actually left another park because there was NO parking and came here and found plenty of spots on the street.Given the neighborhood...the dogs that attend are so-so.  Mostly large and there isn't a separated small side.  Looks like mostly a locals spot.
This dog park is as good as any other.  Yes, lots of dog bombs all over (dog walkers are you listening?).  Seems to be the place to go for walkers that don't really want to walk.  The reason I gave this park only two stars is this, there is a dog walker up there that is a straight up BULLY.  Besides myself, two other people that I know have encountered this same woman.  If she doesn't like you, or your dogs, she gets in a tizzy (which makes her dogs get in a tizzy also, other dog walkers, you know who I'm talking about).  My friend was going  to leave because of her, and other patrons of the park came to his defense.  So, she wins.  I will avoid this nice, otherwise likable dog park.  P.S.  I do not have problems any where else.
We were so excited to hear about this park when we were looking for a safe place to exercise our Whippet puppy.  For a few months, we had enjoyed going there almost daily and making new doggie and people friends.  As the weather turned cooler and we had some damp mornings and a day of rain, the ground around the water fountain (the drain of which is always clogged with dirt) started getting soggy.  The muddy areas proliferated until at least a full quarter of the grass had turned into an ugly mess.  Add to that, many dog droppings that are not being cleaned up.  Two weeks ago, my puppy caught Giardia which then turned into aspirated broncho pneumonia.  We almost lost her but after a long bout of hospitalization and thousands of dollars later, she is making a slow recovery.  When we were at the hospital visiting our puppy, we ran into someone there whose puppy also had come down with a Gastro Intestinal illness.  We had met them at Douglass Park.  Since then, I have heard of more dogs who have come down with Giardia.  There is obviously some infection going around Douglass Park.  I  have contacted Parks and Recreation so they are now aware of this problem.  It'll be some time before my puppy is ready to run around again but we will be very wary of taking her to this quagmire of a park.
Wow, another excellent dog park in the general area that I live? Thank you San Francisco for GRASS. I've been to numerous other parks in the city and so far I only like a handful of them. St. Mary's, Sterngrove, Douglass and Balboa (though Balboa technically isn't a dog park nor is it completely fenced in).Douglass is a great alternative to St. Mary's which has horrible drainage and closes, not to mention some of the uppity people who seem to show up there.Douglass is the Levi's Relaxed Fit of the dog parks...fits just right...
Another beautiful dog park in the city with more registered canines than children!A large space with tons of beautiful, mature trees, a hill with shaded walking path, and always plenty of dogs!A group of owners also bring wine and pizza into the park on Friday evenings, so on those nights the dog park has a nice, tight-knit community feel.My complaints are small but important:  -It seems there is always poop on the ground because of irresponsible owners (which makes no sense since there are usually extra bags).-I've seen more doggy confrontations here than the other parks we go to, because lots of dog walkers choose this spot for its size (wait, THAT probably explains all the poop too...).-Rain makes this park MUD-DY.  Bring your least favorite shoes.Overall, though, a cool place for pooches.
My favorite dog park in the city. Sure it's not the most beautiful (Fort Funston takes the prize there), but it's very safe, has great views of the city, and seems to have friendly dogs (and more importantly dog owners). Funston gets too crowded for me on the weekends and I've found that some of the people (and dogs) aren't always that nice. I think this has to do with it being so big that it doesn't have the same sense of community you'll find here...
removing my previous review since it won't apply anymore after the renovation.however, the dog park is still CLOSED with no signs of it being open anytime soon.
I'm embarrassed to say that I only recently found out about this hidden gem, despite growing up on 24th St. in Noe Valley.  To my credit it is not easily noticed by passerby traffic. The DG is nestled amongst the trees on a hill and through the trees and can catch a glimpse of the City.  At any rate this is a wonderful dog park with plenty of space and grass for the pooches.  The park is frequented by mostly locals and of course the large swarms of dogs and their dog walkers.  However, there is plenty of space.My only complaint is there is not enough seating, only one bench in the whole park from what I remember,My dogs and I will be back!
Great dog park, loads of room to run around, and gorgeous big trees. Can be a bit muddy at times, so don't wear your best shoes. We found lots of friendly dogs there, but not overcrowded. There is a water fountain for humans, with a dog fountain at the bottom.
Great dog park all enclosed and a hiking trail up this hill. My dog friend Maxi loves it here!
We took our Boxer (Calistoga) out for a puppy-play date to meet her potential new brother, Champ. The park is well fenced in with a lot of varied terrain for the dogs. The park was clean with no droppings and every dog owner I saw picked up after their dog. The greyhounds have a meet there on Saturdays, so be prepared for a big group of large dogs! No separate area for the small ones, which would be nicer for them. Lots of water available from a drinking fountain that has a neat wood handle. Good parking around the park on residential streets in Noe Valley (great, great area).Cali and her new brother Champ will go back whenever we are in the City!
Big park, lots of dogs. Muddy now, though, and it's closing in January for refurbishing (that's not quite the right word, but you know what I mean).
Love this park, just wish the busy dog walkers with 10+ dogs to handle would clean up their dogs' poops! I have spotted many dogs pooping with no cleanup patrol after. Watch where you step!
this is an old baseball or softball field turned dogpark.  when we can here on a saturday afternoon there were plently of dogs running around playing.  some were on the hill running among the trees.  some were running in the field.the gate is not really a gate.  dogs can easily escape and make a run for it.  kody isnt too into escaping.there is a fountain and there were bowls there.we were stupid and parked when we saw douglass playground.  douglass playground is for the kids, no dogs allowed.  and we had to walk up a steep hill to the dog park.kody got filthy and ate a lot of dirt i think
This park is located on a quiet dead-end street in Noe Valley.  Officially, Douglass Park is comprised of 2 parts, one is on Douglass at Cesar Chavez, and is for kids but not dogs.  They have a field and rec center and playground, etc.  The other part has an entrance on 27th Street at Douglass, and is an official off-leash dog play area.  For all practical purposes, they are 2 separate parks.  I am reviewing the dog area only, which is referred to as Upper Douglass Dog Park.The entrance is the only un-fenced portion of the park.  The park is like a bowl:  the field is at the bottom, with the sides around it are filled with trees and a small trail.  It is fenced all the way around.  It has lots of room for dogs to play -- some run, some sniff, some play in small groups, and no one feels crowded.  During the middle of the day on weekdays, several dogwalkers bring playgroups here.  Most of them (the dogwalkers)  are quite well-behaved.  There are also many "regulars" that use the park, but it is not clique-ish at all.  People are friendly and welcoming.Please keep your pooch from barking incessantly, out of consideration for the neighbors.  :-)Not only is this park a really great play space for dogs, but it has a group owners who are really friendly and involved.  I used to organize clean-up days there, and started a group last year, Friends of Upper Douglass Dog Park (FUDDP) that now has about 150 members.  I moved out of SF, but the group is now in the capable hands of Denise S. and others.  They are busy raising money for a drinking fountain for dogs and people, and they have already worked to get a bulletin board, get the grass re-seeded (-- to help with the mud issue the other reviewers have noted), and other improvements to the park.I hesitated to write this review because I don't want the park to be spoiled by being overrun, but I also believe in sharing a good thing...
I generally think this is a great park. It has an effective entry gate that includes a "holding pen," lettng you remove your dog's leash AFTER he's left the sidewalk, but BEFORE he enters the park. There's a water fountain for both people and doggies. The entire area is fenced (at least as far as I can tell). There's plenty of hilly parts for dogs with mountain goat blood in their veins, there's always extra poop bags in case you've forgotten yours, and the human visitors are generally friendly and understanding that dogs will play rough, growl a bit, hump each other a bit, and sometimes act just a bit clumsy in the manners department. My dog, who I just adopted two months ago, doesn't yet have good doggie manners, and my trainer/behaviorist has observed her at Douglass, reporting back that nothing she's doing is really a problem -- to the dogs. And I'm happy to report that Douglass human seem to recognize this too. This isn't like a Berekely dog park where boorish but basically harmless doggie manners will earn pooch public scorn. Negatives: I'm sure this is a problem everywhere, but, yes, I've seen humans at Douglass who don't think poop cleanup is their business. These people, their faces I would like to scratch. Also, on a number of occasions, I've encountered parents with very small children. This concerns and annoys me. Many dogs, including mine, don't have a lot of exposure to small kids. My dog barks at small children, and while I do everything I can to keep my pup away from kids at Douglass, I can't trust that the kids will stay out of OUR way, or that their parents have taught them anything about how to behave around dogs. And can we really expect a young child to REMEMBER or FOLLOW THROUGH on how to behave if they have in fact been schooled in doggie behavior?  It just seems like a very unnecessary and avoidable dilemma -- yet parents don't really seem to understand that they are putting their children in an enclosed pen with stampeding animals, and animals who may not behave the same way THEIR dogs behave at home. Think about it: good dog owners don't let their dogs run loose at littl league games, so why do parents think it's ok t bring their kids to doggie games? Or even worse: practice soccer with a very young child at Douglass! Yes, seriously. (FYI: my dog is just a barker, nothing worse. But I still feel terrible when she has scared a child in an environment where I just want my dog to be a dog.)Finally, I think the park needs a sign reminding visitors of responsible patronage: clean up your poop, mind your kids or leave them at home, watch your dog at all times.Sum total: this is a good, convenient park, and 95 percent of the human attendees are a-ok.
This is a sort of enchanted spot. The towering tree line makes it feel really grand and secluded.The pros:   Huge open area for dogs to run out all of their crazy energy.    Beautiful view of the City.   The dogs and people we encountered were friendly.The cons:    This park is NOT entirely enclosed... if you have a bolter like me, you would be wise to bring along a pal to stand guard at the front opening.    No supplied water source. Easily fixed by bringing your own.    Mud pit. Just be prepared with a towel and/or make it part of your routine to head straight to a bath afterward.
We've been taking our dog here more frequently now, and love the little trail that goes up and around the back of the park.  It's a nice slice of mother nature plopped right down in the middle of the city.  We love the logs over on the side, and Douglass Park gives our pooch enough running space to go wild without having to look at the same corner of the park a hundred times.  It does get a little muddy if it was wet out the night before but it only seems to be bad in certain patches of the park.  This place is big enough to kind of avoid those areas.
huge fenced in dog park with a small hiking trail that surrounds the dog park.  Pretty awesome varying terrain for my terrier mix.  The only complaint I have is that it gets pretty muddy if it rained earlier in the week, but its a pretty awesome park.  I've never had any issues with owners or other dogs here.  People are super responsible for their dogs and their droppings.
Cici says: So much grass to sniff, so little time! I had a blast.. running around, trying to be a bit more social, and smelling people and dog booties. T&D played hide and seek, without notifying me ahead of time..  freaked me out just a bit, but other than that it was fun. No dogs trying to attack me.. and freedom to romp and roam the grassy/muddy field. I refuse to drink from those bowls left in the field.. pshAH! Donna says: Tip - don't bend down close to the grass... it smells of pee = dog's dream come true. If only Cici played fetch, then we could get her to run around without having to run around ourselves. An off-leash park where I don't worry about another dog attacking Cici. Plentiful parking nearby, so don't attempt to trek up the hill.. it would be painful. Gorgeous view of the city below, especially on such a beautiful day.. There were still some puddles and mud, but Cici didn't get too messy. I brought some treats from tartine, and other dogs didn't try to attack me.. awesome!
We just discovered this dog park this weekend and love it! There is grass, a lot to explore, a little ridge for dogs to climb and its pretty big. The best part is that it is all fenced in. This is the best dog park that I've been to and plan to make it at least a weekly visit. The dogs and owners I've met there have been very friendly, which is not true for all dog parks. It can get muddy so don't be stupid like me and wear your uggs there :(
My favorite dog park in the City. It's off the beaten path and atop a huge hill. So, if you are walking here, please be advised that you will drop dead of a heart attack once you reach the top. Your best bet is to drive here. Believe me.I love this park because it has a little bit of everything:(1) Lots of grass. The dogs love to sniff around and find all kinds of wonderful scents.(2) Huge dirt area that becomes muddy after a day or two of rain. As much as I hate it, my dog loves the mud.  In fact, once she found the biggest mud puddle and decided that it would be wise to just lay down in it. Since then I have learned to carry a towel with me.(3) Lots of trees, which provide many necessary things for the dogs. The most important is shade for those rare hot days in San Francisco. (4) Big, rocky hills that some of the dogs love to climb up. (5) A fence.Now, a few tips for those of you who want to visit the Upper Douglass Dog Park:(1) Bring a towel.(2) Bring a big bottle of water. There's no running water or drinking fountains at this park. There are, however, a few bowls laying around. Just bring some water to fill the bowls. (3) Bring a jacket. If you live in the warm areas (the Mission, Portrero Hill, Bernal Heights, etc.) you'll find that the weather is a tad cooler up here. Especially after work, around 5pm. The fog often starts to roll in about that time.This is a very low-key, spartan dog park. Not very fancy, but your dog will totally love it.
nice open field, fully enclosed around the perimeter so your pup can't escape (EXCEPT for the front gate, which isn't closed off -- dogs can totally get through it). it was muddy when i came here yesterday, but that wasn't the park's fault. :)  my dog had fun anyway!
nice and enclosed, but definitely dirty. lots of poops so watch your step.
Nice friend dogs and people. Clean.
Great dog park in the hills of Noe Valley. I've come here with Darwin many times. He loves it. 5 stars from him so 5 stars from me. It's also enclosed so you don't have to worry about traffic running by etc...
having read some great reviews of this park, i expected to like it more than I did.  the entire middle section was off limits b/c it was muddy.  it had rained a little on Sat., but that little amount of rain shouldn't have created the kind of mud i saw.  one should definitely plan on bringing towels and bathing their dog afterwards, esp. if they like to roll around in it.there is also no water source that i could find up there, but there is one at the playground down the hill about a block away.  another reviewer seemed to indicate there was a water source, but perhaps it's just not been installed yet.  if you don't want to trek down and then back up the hill, i suggest bringing your own water and bowl.it's also not fenced in, and is close to the street, so if you're little guy is bullet fast and a houdini like mine is, you have to keep your eyes on them.  there is also some hillside that they could run up as well as a gate that little ones can get thru that leads to private property, so another thing to watch for.  the sign on the gate said that the folks around there don't like it if you go on their property. i heard that the neighborhood group has raised some funds to get a fence put in and a few other things done to the park, so looks like there are plans to make the park even better.  there are a few nice benches and logs to sit on, and people seemed sort of friendly, and once the bog that takes over the entire mid-section dries up it'll be even nicer, so i would probably take my little guy back there, especially when coming back from my Target runs.  i'm very happy that there is a group that watches over this park.  i'll be looking out for future fundraisers to support.
i love that this park is really big and is still fenced in. the only problem with most dog parks is bad owners. sometimes my smallish dog gets trampled by people that can't control their own dog.
This dog park is the best dog park. Lots of dog walkers, space, and it's pretty much closed off, on top of a hill. Wooooof
We just started coming here with the dawg about a month ago. Why did we wait so long? It's huge, there's a doggy water fountain, people are nice,and there are always dogs for my guy to play with. Lots of easy street parking too.Minus one star for:1.  Not being totally enclosed. The narrow entrance isn't gated. 2. When it's wet/damp/raining up here, it gets pretty mucky and muddy.
H is now temporarily without a backyard which puts my appreciation for good dog parks at an all time high.  Douglas has great parking, lots of grass (which the orgaization that maintains this park must have something to do with), big space compared to walter haas or kite hill and easy doggy waste disposal.  It's not all fenced in but almost is.  Lots of room for H to run around and be a dog.  There's a great hiking trail that encompasses the whole park as well.  It's not long but is good for training or just a nice short up hill walk.  Nice dogs/doggy parents there too for the most part.
Fantastic, huge dog park!The park is an old baseball field, so it has fencing all around except for the entrance.  It's not ugly fencing either - there are mature trees all around the border.  If your pooch is not up for a game of chase or fetch, there's a nice wooded mini-hike along the upper hillside.Only draw-back is that it gets really muddy during rainy season.My dog never wants to leave - Porter gives it 5 paws.
It is almost our local place, It has lots to recommend, that others have mentioned, it is almost completely enclosed, it has a wide flat area to play fetch, the dogs and owners are friendly and involved, and now they installed a water fountain .Only draw back is the winter mud, but you get that at all the city non-sand parks so it is no different from them.We would be at a loss without it.
yeah this place is okay. it is about 95% gated/fenced which isn't bad. very windy on the day we went. it was a saturday afternoon and there were only a couple other dogs there, so i'm sure there is a better time to go after work during the week. our dog was a little bored and so were we. would be swell if they had a little doggie water fountain, but we used the one at the playground down the hill. so-so.
Not my favorite dog park for sure since the mud factor is extremely high, but given it's only a few blocks away form us, it does the trick as long as we meet up with some worthy running mates for our little hare. I can go out for dinner now...
I really can't say enough great things about the transformation of Douglass over the last 18 months. Due to a dedicated group of volunteers and park users along with Park & Rec, the park now has a doggie water fountain, newly seeded grass that's taken root and prospering, and trimmed tree limbs opening up the space to more sunlight.Scout and Billie love the dogs at this neighborhood park and owners are responsible about play, pick ups and in general, a great bunch of people. Upper Douglass is a real gem!!
enclosed park, smallish space that you can see your dog no matter where you are in the park, still plenty of space to run out all that energy.
