My wife and I loved the guided audio tour. A fascinating look into history and human behavior. A bit pricey, but maintenance of this museum must be terribly expensive. Plan about an hour.
I got the groupon option for this submarine and was definitely worth indulging in some history.If you are claustrophobic or easily seasick I wouldn't recommend going on this. The submarine is anchored and won't be moving around except for the waves that cradle it. It was the first time I've gotten inside a submarine and it is definitely a lot tighter than I had imagined. You could see the living spaces and the bunk beds that the crew members slept in and lived in. There are even little notes that give you little backgrounds of what you are looking at. There are also actual easter egg letters to find throughout the sub.The headphones weren't working so I wasn't able to go through the self tour with that.
We did the wine tour, and wow, what a good time!  It was really fascinating being on the sub and imagining it in use so many years ago.  The docent was a veteran, so he had lots of personal anecdotes to add, which made the whole experience so enjoyable.  The feel of the boat rocking in the water was fun too...but perhaps that's why we weren't allowed to have any wine until after the tour, when we were back on solid ground.  Definitely recommend as something to do with family or friends in town, or as a history lesson for yourself or the kids.  You will have to make it up and down ladders and in/out bulkheads, so wear comfy clothes & shoes!
Cool!Located on Pier 45 at the Fisherman's Wharf, this World War II fleet submarine was smaller than the USS Nautilus I've visited and toured in Groton CT. This was a Groupon deal, otherwise, adult admission is $6/person and an additional $3 if you want a tour history headset. USS Pampanito (SS-383) is a National Historic Landmark. It had a colorful history of completing six patrols in the Pacific during World War II during which she sank six Imperial Japanese ships and damaged four others. Can't imagine how our seamen stayed inside underwater that long under cramped quarters. Everything was small, real estate and probably privacy, also, is very, very limited. It had sleeping cots in the torpedo room, for crying out loud. There may have been like 3 or 4 cots. Must have felt like sardines in here at the time and I'm not a very tall person.Fun trivia about the USS Pampanito is that it is the only submarine named for the pompano fish. Although, there is the USS Albacore in Portsmouth NH, which we just missed touring by one day due to scheduled annual maintenance. She was decommissioned at Mare Island on December 15, 1945. USS Pampanito earned six battle stars for World War II service. Cool museum to check out if you love history. Also, while in the control room and listening to the docent speak, I was getting a bit seasick... the waves of the ocean can be felt and was moving the submarine.
If you love history, then for 6$ while you are touring in fisherman's wharf , tour this submarine..... A part of our history.  A vintage US World War II sub than what I see can still sail.  4 Diesel engine is till in tack the the radio room sill works lol. It's a self tour with the option for a portable audio with the tour.  We went from aft work our way the bow.  We seen vintage torpedoes both sides ( I hope they are not armed lol) and man I don't know how they can survive such cramped up space .... There were bunk beds both aft and bow and on the middle I counted 12 set of 3 stack bunk beds ... That's 36 ? Wow I don't know how I would survive for months having no privacy and be in each other's neck but war is war.  I'm intrigue by how they can co exist in such a cramp area.  The galley and the kitchen was cramp.  I can still smell the diesel and the age of the sub.  Any way it's a short ... Do it your self tour and explore from top to bottom.
I hadn't toured the USS Pampanito in years and wanted to show this WWII submarine to my little boy. The USS Pampanito is located on Pier 45 at the Wharf.On other tours, I'd met servicemen who were on board as docents. I thanked them for their service and they answered questions and told their stories of what it was like to live and serve on a sub during wartime. "Brave," "claustrophobic" "terrifying" and "uncomfortable" were adjectives I remembered.When we walked up to the kiosk to buy tickets, my little boy and I were greeted by an indifferent young guy who said they had no discounts when I asked if they had any for AAA or USAA. "Not anymore."I wish I'd read the sign or he would've offered if I was a member of the National Maritime Park - which I am -  that I could've paid less. Call me flinty but I thought $18.50 was pretty steep for 1 adult and 1 child admission (did not include audio tour, the headsets looked nasty). So being that my little boy is 7, he raced through the submarine in 6 minutes' flat as I raced to catch up, climbing through hatches and trying to point out things that were of historical interest,"Look how close together these bunks are. They look pretty uncomfortable.""See, the tables have ledges so plates and glasses won't slide off the edge." "Wow, this is the torpedo room, do you know what a torpedo is?"(Maybe it was better he wasn't paying attention. Does a 7 year-old need to know about military weapons? Probably not.)Go on a weekend when you might be able to meet a military serviceman on board the sub. To me, listening to his stories and being able to thank an American hero were the best parts of touring the USS Pampanito.
We got to take the sub tour for $4 a piece.  At that price, it was well worth the experience to figure out that I would not make a good submariner.  Upon admission, we should have gotten the headphones for the audio presentation, however, they were not offered to us and we did not know to ask.  Great piece of history to visit for the price.
We had an 18.00 groupon for a family of four to tour the Pampanito.   Our 11 year old was super excited.   The sub was amazing and it was neat to see a WW2 sub like the one my grandpa was on.  He always said there was a multi step procedure for using the toilet and I can see why :)We were bummed that our price did not include the Ipods that gave an explanation of everything.  It would have made it even more meaningful.   We regret not paying extra for one of us to have one.  We are a family on a budget and would not have been able to afford the tour without the Groupon.   Still, we left with a heightened sense of appreciation for all those who served.
Took this tour on a whim and TOTALLY worth it! This sub is permanently stationed in the water and does not actually troll around the bay, but you do have to get your sea legs situated as it does list/move with the water.   I would highly recommended as this is a living piece of US history because it's an actual WW2 submarine that saw action.  I was able to get a great price for a family of four using Groupon.   But make sure you pay the additional small fee for the ipod headphones so you can get the guided tour with details and stories from the actual crew.  The walk through will last about 45 minutes.  *Just make note that since this is a submarine, the spaces are tight and would be difficult to maneuver through if your large or have difficulty walking.
One of the best stops in San Fransisco! A must see for any history lovers! Very small spaces. Don't forget good shoes.
Beautifully preserved piece of maritime and military history right in our backyard! We took a tour (booked on Sosh) tonight after the museum closed, and it was really entertaining, fascinating, and humbling. Tour guides included 2 submariner veterans and a historian. They told us great tales about the submarine, and included mechanical facts, funny and frightening stories about her 6 war patrols. They let us play with the 40mm deck gun, and sound the dive alarm! It felt like being on a fun school field trip. Afterwards we enjoyed a delicious spread of wine, cheese, and snacks. What a wonderful time!
Pretty cool to be able to tour an actual submarine.  Close quarters as to be expected, but interesting.  Great views as well!  Definitely worth it if you get a deal, which I've seen on either livingsocial, groupon, or yelp.
Guys... If you are ever in San Francisco, you have to make sure you visit the USS Pampanito. It is very cool, fun and a unique experience. Adult tickets are about $12 so it's bagger all really and anyone can afford it so do it! - This sub and the guys who served aboard it are legends...The USS Pampanito (SS-383) was a World War II Balao class Fleet submarine. She made six patrols in the Pacific Ocean during WWII and, during that time, she sank six japanese ships and damaged another four. Pampanito is docked at Pier 45, which is a short walk from Fisherman's Wharf. It is a memorable experience from the moment you get on the deck to when you're navigating your way inside the sub; and you wonder: "How on earth did those guys manage to live for so long in such tight spaces?" They deserve a lot of credit, especially when you have to volunteer to serve on a sub. I also had the honour of meeting a former crew member 'Oscar Perelta' and listening to him talk about his time on Pampanito is a truly humbling experience.The USS Pampanito is a must-do in San Fran and I highly recommend it!
Got a family deal on Living Social and was looking forward to this tour. Went there on July 4th and the Africa American guy in the ticket booth said audio is $3 extra per person. Really? What kind of self-guided tour doesn't include audio (seriously, am I out of line or is this standard practice?) Nowhere in the deal or fine print states this. To avoid being ripped off I declined and went ahead with the tour. Boy was it disappointing. I learned absolutely nothing about the sub nor the crew who risked their lives in the war. It was a complete waste of my time. I won't be recommending this to my friends nor will I ever come back!
Great tour! I've never been on a submarine so when I saw this I had to go. At the end they had a guy that answered questions. He had a lot of great stories.
We got a family deal through Groupon.  When we got there we found out there was an additional $3 dollars per person for the headset.  We decided to take the tour without the headset.  The experience was not worth it to us.  The sub is very small and cramped so you have to work your way around people to see the next exhibit.
This submarine is tiny. Its 80-member crew had to share beds in a very cramped space with only 2 toilets. The sub would submerge for 2-3 months at a time. Even simple things such as feeding the crew, storing food, and finding space to do anything are amazing feats of engineering.Definitely do the audio tour. It provides some amazing commentary.Lastly, there's currently a Yelp deal for an $8 tour, instead of the normal $12.
Hello Pampanito folks,Some friends and I are reviewing websites for a possible visit to the Pampanito museum sometime in the future and were happy to find your website. Old WWII ships are great repositories of history.
I'm sorry fellow reviewers but I just wasn't as impressed with USS Pampanito, maybe because I didn't get the audio tour? So I might just have to see at changing that when next in Fisherman's Wharf with some free time on my hands.The Submarine is impressive in stature and inside actually kind of creepy, especially when you think of the 60-80 people sharing the tiny little living space. It's easy to see why so many crewman would go crazy!Where it was great to walk around the inside I was very disappointed to find that almost everything was locked and behind giant perspex doors / divider's, it would have been nice to explore a little more in depth.We also knew nothing of the audio tour until I got home and I saw the Yelp reviews. The guy at the ticket office could have at least told us about it as having the additional information of what we were looking at while we were walking around would have no doubt made the experience better.$12 per person fee.. I assume the audio is slightly more.
Okay, how many times in your life will you experience the inside of a submarine? This is a MUST-SEE! I saw plenty of subs in the movies and have even heard first-hand descriptions but I was not prepared. You just have to be there. I also did not expect to tour it from front to back. You see pretty much everything. This is NOT a tour for the claustrophobic. I did not see the audio tour option but there is one available.
This is such a great choice while in San Francisco, i highly recommend it. It gives you just a glimpse at how military submarine crew have to live for months on end.I would like to thank all of our military mem amd women for keeping us safe.
Real awesome tour! Must check it out if you're into anything military! It's worth the price you're paying for.
Holy shit.Thank god this was just a straight-shot walk through of this submarine. If this tour were any longer I might have fainted in here. No joke.Thanks to my boyfriend who wanted to visit all things old and military related and to this damn submarine itself, I've diagnosed myself with claustrophobia. Prior to this, I was perfectly comfortable in being in tight spaces. I've been to Disneyland numerous times @ maximum capacity level, I;ve been to USS Midway in San Diego and I enjoyed THAT a lot. But THIS....this was another story.While walking through the dark supertightcorridor and seeing the old and smelly living quarters; all of a sudden, we heard creepy old school 30's music. Not sure exactly where, just somewhere in this submarine. Felt like I was starring in a horror movie.My initial reaction was O_O FUCK. HAUNTED. GHOSTS. SOMETHING ELSE IS IN HERE WITH US!!!!!!!! (what made it worse was we were the ONLY people on the submarine). I wanted to sock my boyfriend.The look I gave my boyfriend after we got back on land was anything cute or happy.To sum it up: NOT for people who are claustrphobic or doesn't like to be in enclosed space. OR ladies with big purses/bags because your purse will be hitting and getting in the way of everything. P.S. $8 with student ID and $12 for general admission. ugh. Could've spent that on tacky SF souvneirs or iced coffees.
Fun little outting on the waterfront. Takes about 15 mins to go through if you take your time and great deal with the groupon. Not as large as I was thinking but still fun to explore. I would've like to have information to read about the submarine or a guided tour as there was no information available about the sub. But in all, a fun something to do while in the area.
The USS Pampanito and its crew were genuine heroes during WWII.There aren't many WWII boats left, and the Pampanito, located at San Francisco's famous Fisherman's Wharf, is probably the best-kept museum boat in the Country.  Thanks to a professional staff augmented by an outstanding volunteer team, many of whom are experienced submariners, this sub is as close as possible to its condition during the war.  The self-guided audio tour provides a wealth of information, but often, visitors will find submarine-qualified docents on board to explain how things work and share sea stories.  My sons' Scout Troop had a overnighter on board, and none of them will ever forget the experience.Some visitors may experience claustrophobia, but they will be happy to know that submarine service is, and always has been, a completely volunteer service.
Loved the experience!Unlike other visitors, I took my time going through each section of the submarine. That gave me the opportunity to read, photograph and feel the experience of so much more than steel and knobs. Definitely something worth a visit - I'm happy I didn't go in as a big group because things just tend to get goofy then :)
Visit the USS Pampanito.  If you take the audio tour, this is quite the experience.  One of my favorite stops in San Francisco!
Looking for more military history museums in the Bay Area? The USS Pampanito just may be for you. Like the USS Hornet, the USS Pampanito is another World War II combat vet that resides in the Bay. She also served in the same theater of operations as the Hornet did, in the Pacific. The majority of patrols she participated in resulted in enemy ships being sunk and on occasion, barely escaping the enemy herself. The USS Pampanito was both hunter and prey as it served as the naval equivalent of the sniper in ground warfare. Took the self-guided audio tour and it was very informative. Every part of the submarine is covered on this tour & there will be plenty of photo opportunities. There are also interviews with former Navy vets who served on the USS Pampanito. The claustrophobic interior of the Pampanito reminded me of the movie "Das Boot". I cannot imagine how terrifying it must have been to have served on a submarine during World War II. The Pamapanito had been damaged by depth charges before and was almost hit by the torpedoes of a Japanese submarine! There is a small monument in honor of 52 U.S. submarines that were sunk and the over 3,500 sailors who went down with them during World War II. When I went onboard there weren't a lot of people so I was able to take my time. I'm sure it gets crowded when there are more visitors. Overall it took about a half hour or so to see everything.
One best things is the sub tour, I think for this area along with the old arcade and the Alcatraz tour I got this awesome jacket the prisoners used to wear. Very nice place to visit but very expensive to stay...thank you. I will always honor our brave as a vet and american and i live in this greatest of all countries.
This awesome piece of history is hidden from view and I actually had to ask around before I found it (around the corner from the Musee Macanique--worth a look too). The USS Pampanito is a must visit if you've never been inside a submarine or are a history buff.  It is incredible that people could actually live in small quarters like this (see pics).  Takes about 20 minutes to walk through and for a few dollars there is an audio tour available.This is an  A+ place to bring the family and friends,  You will walk away learning about SF naval history.  I purchased a Groupon for $10 that got me admission for two to this Historic Submarine Tour.  My toddler son got in for free( kids under 6 yrs is free).Highly recommended for kids all ages (+)Parking is terrible, as it tends to be in this area (-)  Great learning field trip/experience (+)
USS Pampanito TourHere the USS Pampanito Submarine Tour is part of the Maritime Museums.  The submarine USS Pampanito was built in 1943 in New Hampshire and was assigned to duty for WWII.  Ths submarine normally carried a crew of 70 men and 10 Officers.Ever since the end of WWII the USS Pampanito was returned to San Francisco and maintained.  In 1982 it was decided that the USS Pampanito would be a part of the Maritime Museum as a memorial.  Since then she was revised to accommodate tours to the public.The Tour allows you to board the Submarine and you start with boarding the Main Deck.  There is a Audio Tour to go along with the main tour for an extra $2.00.  So from the Main Deckyelp.com/biz_photos/Vkya…you will walk towards the end of the Submarine to the main entrance to the bottom of the Submarine.  There you will have deep stairs to climb down and space is very tight so you need to be careful when entering.yelp.com/biz_photos/Vkya…The first room once you enter you will be the After Torpedo Room...this is where the torpedo's were fired from the rear of the Submarine.  As you make your way thru the Submarine you will get to see the many rooms and tight space the men had to work with.  Soon enough you will come to the Engine Room.  There you can see lots of manual labor was involved in operating the Submarine.  You will also get to see the Battery Room, Crew's Mess , Radio Room, Control Room and the Forward Torpedo Room.  Just before you hit the Forward Torpedo Room you will see the Periscope.  The Periscope was kind of hidden because the Periscope was not down...so you'll have to look up through a hatch to see the Periscope..  After the Forward Torpedo Room you will make your way up back to the top front of the Submarine.  There you will get a close up of the Lookout Platform, Gun Deck (front and back).The tour was very exciting and very educational and informative.  The Tour can be completed in 30 minutes.  The tour is $10.00 for adults, but if you have a AAA card you can get in for $6.00.  If you are a member of the Maritime Museum (which I'm thinking about signing up for) the tour is free.  It is an additional $2.00 for the Audio Tour which is well worth it.  It explains what you are looking at and helps you go through your tour without missing any major parts of the Submarine.  The Audio Tour can also be heard on their website for free....but it's best to do the Audio Tour when you are actually on the Submarine....that way you get a complete visual and the real thing in within reach.Well worth the time and education.  Think I will go back soon for more details that I may have missed or maybe take my niece and nephews there.  I'm sure they will enjoy it just as much.  Be careful when on the Submarine....lots of tight space, deep stairways, as you enter and exit various rooms in the submarine you will need to step over and duck under obstacles.  The Submarine is docked in the waters and does rock a little.This was a fun and enjoyable tour.  -  5 Stars
Time: 11:20amPurpose: Walking around wanted to experience the unknown other side of the wharf. Actually came out of the vintage arcade museum happen to stumple upon.Expectations: Remembering the sailors who lost their lives at sea during 1944-45. Here you will see a couple of noon active torpedo and plaques honoring the lost lives. Some older people were saying I remember that and this so I had a chance to speak to a few nearby. Admission to the sub tour is $12 general and discounted if you 62+. Once you paid you will be on board with a headset for the self guided tour. Bring some napkins or tissues along with small rubber bands as the headsets edges has human oil stains on them yuck! Final Thoughts: I wasn't old enough to see real torpedo being set off but I can imagine how a 1 and a half ton torpedo explodes on impact can be. Here you can walk around and read the plaques on how the sub emerge from and goes back undersea. Kids will not know what it is unless their grandfather or father is active in marines.
Want to do something fun and a little out of the ordinary? If so and you're near Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco, consider a tour aboard the submarine USS Pampanito (SS-383). This is a WWII diesel-powered submarine of the Balao class. In 1969 I was out on the USS Medregal (SS-480) and I can tell you that these ships are VERY tight as far as space is concerned. It's a very interesting tour and it's not expensive either...about $12. Anyway, think about it the next time you're down that way. It's fun, educational, and will give you a first-hand appreciation of what life was like for the officers and crew aboard these ships....and oh by the  way, the Liberty ship SS Jeremiah O'Brien is berthed right behind the USS Pampanito. It's an operating WWII cargo ship that is periodically taken out for short cruises. It's also more roomy than the sub. :-)
The smell of the sea, diesel, machine oil, and perspiration still is hinted at in the air.  Walk across the plank, and you start to feel the claustrophobic confines these sailors of old called home during WWII.  The views and insights are among the finest you will find in any living museum such as this.  You are never rushed and are able to use the audio tours and the like.  I have enjoyed this museum on several occasions, as friends and family visited from outside the area.  All of them enjoyed this greatly, although one became a bit seasick, another a little panicky due to the confined space. If you are within 2 hours of San Francisco, add this to your weekend to do list.
Amazing to see how our service men lived and worked. Worth a tour especially with the go card
Submarine does not have much space.  So you really just walk thru the one and only one route from the end to the front inside the sub.  That's all.   Of course, they are much to learn about the live of the crew and the inside of the sub.   This is a quick tour.  Around 30 minutes or so.
Really interesting to experience! There are a few signs designating what room you're in but that's it. Do the audio tour to really learn about what you're seeing. There's a free podcast you can download on iTunes (search: USS Pampanito). (NOTE: Be warned on the iPhone podcast app, as it puts them out of order which made things a bit tricky, so I'd rename them with numbers in iTunes.)The whole tour is less than 30 min. Much less if you don't linger. Worth stopping. I went on a Saturday afternoon and there was no line.
My boyfriend and I got 2 for 1 tickets through Groupon and spent over an hour on the sub. We had a wonderful time talking with the decants on board about their experiences on subs and adventured through the USS Pampanito on our own. I would have liked to rent the audio players to go more in depth in my understanding of the USS Pampanito but we still had an amazing adventure on our own. We went on a Tuesday and we had the space all to ourselves. To anyone who has motion sickness the sub does gently rock and once you are in the interior it is not that bad just keep moving and exploring!
The audio was really informative, I recommended it if you really want to enjoy the tour. I highly advice to not eat before the tour, I got a little sea sick after the tour. The movement of the ocean really does affect you if the tides are high.
The last time my hubby and I visited the USS Pampanito was pre-kid, so at least 11 years have gone by. This is a fascinating WWII era diesel submarine. It's a wonderful step back in time and gives one a new sense of perspective and appreciation for soldiers during WWII (and any era). Even if you're not a fan of military (kind of a borderline peacenik hippie, like me) you will still have a great appreciation of the mechanical aspects and the personal sacrifice by submariners. Note: if you're motion sensitive, you will be rocking with the movement of the tide of wake of other passing vessels so if you're prone to motion sickness take a Dramamine in advance. Likewise there are tight spaces, but if you aren't debilitatingly claustrophobic, you should deffo go on this tour! Just an hour below gives you a taste of what it would be like to be under water for 75 days. Gives the Wrigley Field moniker "The friendly confines" a whole new meaning! Great for adults and kids alike!
I enjoy learning about WWII history  and is an honor to board this living history.  To see this beautiful submarines with all it's machinery.  A lot of people in San Francisco bay don't have a clue of  how important the bay area was during WWII and I hope this gives you a small clue of the roles our city played.  TIp: If you have  an Ipod you can download the walking tour prior to visiting the pompanito and save yourself the audio tour charge
if learning about history is your thing then this is a fascinating tour. For me, meh...its something to experience. There was someone in the ship to tell you the history so u don't really need to take the audio tour. But i love ships and could only imagine how it would have been for the marines to be stuck on a boat for mths at a time. Bless their souls...
I'm more of a hippy than a military buff...but I thought touring a real sub was very cool from a historical, technology and architectural point of view.  They did a very nice job on their audio tour too.  Well worth the extra $2.  I can't give the full stars because you only have access through the main compartments, not the upper (where the periscopes are) or lower ones.  But they did have a real live submariner down there answering questions like:  Why are the lights red in that one room?  or Did they have to eat in shifts in this little mess hall?  It is tight quarters, heavy on the fumes and sways a bit as the tourist boats come in and out of Fisherman's Wharf...but it was fine for the 30 minutes or so we were in there.Perfectly paired with the Musee Mecanique as it's just outside their doors.  Find coupons for the USS Pampanito online.
It was worth experiencing, once. We had a great time. It was pretty when we went and we didn't do the audio tour. It was okay without it but probably would have been better to actually hear the tour.
What a cute learning experience! My son's cub scout pack spent the night on the USS Pampanito and we had a blast!
This was the first time I've been on a sub. I don't have much to compare it to except what I've seen in the movies. It's what I expected - confined, cramped, and just like in the movies. It's also very fun. Although there are a lot of things packed into the Pampanito and you get to see the entire vessel, it's small and therefore doesn't take much time to tour - only 20-minutes.It's not very stable and rocked with the smallest waves. So if you have trouble walking on land, you might not want to get on a sub. I can't imagine how anyone can tolerate being in a sub in open waters for more than a couple hours.Despite what others sources say, the standard entry fee is $12 as of July 2012. It's not $10 or $2.
This is one of the most fascinating exhibits in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Docked alongside pier 45 is a genuine WW2 submarine.In amongst the touristy atmosphere, it's important to try and forget the Disney-esque surroundings to make the most of the visit. This was a warship and faced real danger.The tour with its frequent bending down and squeezing through gaps is a stark reminder of what it must have been like to survive for months at sea with real fear of death. It's also remarkable to see how some of the devices have been miniaturised to fit into such a small space.It's a fascinating break from the other touristy areas of Fisherman's Wharf and well worth a side trip
I went there because my daughter really wanted to go. I wasn't that thrilled to be honest as I'm not a fan of tight spaces. It was really an eye-opener. I can't believe people lived and worked on this vessel. Crazy! It was worth the general admission to give this organization some cash to keep their biz going. But I don't think I'll ever go on it again. The boats going by made the sub move around in the water which didn't make me feel so good. Ugh. But it was a real eye-opener to see how these men lived like this.
I got a Groupon for this a few months back and thought we would take the family.I thought it was a cool exhibit.  I really enjoyed how everything seemed to be like it was 70 years ago.  I would definitely recommend it for anyone who wants to see an history US sub.
A very impressive visit. You are able to walk through the sub from one side to the other, and only imagening what it mist have been like makes you shiver. 12$ is quite expensive though.
Very interesting place, you should take the audio tour when you enter as well. Seamen who served on the submarine describes a lot of situations and explains much about the ship etc. It took us about 1 hour to get though the submarine. Here the prices: Self-guided tour, $2.00 Adults, $10.00 Children ages 6-12, $4.00 Children under 6 are free with an adult Senior Citizens (over 62), $6.00 Active Duty Military with current ID, $4.00 Family ticket for $20 which admits two adults and up to four children under 18. HNSA, CAMM members are free.
This was freaking awesome. I've never been on submarine before and I was shocked. It's tight but you fit so much stuff. I really liked the tiny space with 36 bunk beds. And the toilets, and the laundry room. Awesome. I'd probably freak out to live there. Kids loooooved it.
So glad we found this hidden gem (well, it's not really THAT hidden) on the internet before heading out to SF.  We opted out of the audio tour for time reasons, but if you have time to slowly make your way through the vessel, totally go for the extra $2/person to get the self-guided audio tour.  We made up our own stories/ideas to go with what everything was for!  SO TINY INSIDE - unbelievable that people lived and worked on these ships - INSANE -- and makes you feel so much more respect for those that serve today (and those that have served in the past).  One reviewer mentioned taking some Dramamine for motion sickness before getting on board... I'm very sensitive and get motion sickness easily, and forgot the Dramamine, and was ok without it.  You can definitely hear the water banging on the sides of the ship while you're in it, but the swaying isn't horrible. Overall - DO NOT PASS THIS UP!  Such a cool piece of history and a very quick tour of a real-life submarine!TIP-show your AAA card for a discount on entrance fees!
My son's 9th birthday party would have been a disaster if our only destination was the USS Pampanito!I called to confirm plan with their party coordinator the day before the party to find he doesn't work on Fridays and no one there could tell me what time they had my event on their schedule.  The man on the phone told me it didn't matter what time I showed up, they would be ready for us, but he would call the party guy to inquire.  When we showed up, the guy at the kiosk said they weren't expecting us.  When I showed him our confirmation letter, he told me we should go to the Hyde Street Pier (which is several blocks away) so I had to show him that letter was specified the USS Pampanito.  The he said he didn't have a deck hand to prepare the sub for us so we would have to wait either outside in the rain or in a small garage area.  They kept our group (including ten 8 year old boys) waiting for 20 minutes while we watched many other groups get admitted to tour the boat.  The deck hand led us on to the boat and disappeared - we never saw him again.Why wouldn't the party coordinator work on Friday and Saturdays?!  How many parties do they have on Tuesday and Wednesday?  Don't they keep a party schedule somewhere so they have an idea who paid for special services and can staff for it?I didn't think about it in advance and should have, but it would seem their birthday party literature or confirmation letter should mention some of the difficulties involved with self-catering a kid's birthday party on a submarine.  We had enough strong arms to carry the cooler, pizzas, cupcakes, and accessories down and up the steep ladders and through the many portholes leading to the crew's mess room, but it was a chore that would be too difficult for some.  Furthermore, the bad weather made the vessel really rocky.  Think twice before planning an event to feed for kids underwater in an enclosed space -- we had one boy turn green and were happy to get him outside before he spewed!So go visit but have your event elsewhere unless you are intrepid!  Thankfully, I submitted to childhood memories of the best birthday ever and also booked the Tactile Dome for our celebration; the Dome was an incredible experience and everyone had a blast!!
I'm pretty sure that having a (rudimentary) shower on our submarines helped the US win WWII, and the lack thereof was Germany's downfall.What the heck am I talking about? Well, for decades the Museum of Science of Industry in Chicago has housed a captured German U-boat, the U505, which is only a few years older, but smaller than the Pampanito, and a key sacrifice they made is a shower. Keep in mind that the men were locked up in the submarine for weeks/months at a time (mostly at or near the surface). Stinky!]The Pampanito has a small shower adjacent to the forward head, which wasn't used often, but sometimes is better than NOTHING!Anyhow, I digress.I took this tour with my friend who lives in Toronto, and another friend who is in the navy, as in the sub force. It turns out that serving on a GN sub doesn't really make one an expert on WWII attack boats. He wasn't very helpful in answering our questions, but as a radio operator, he got a kick out of the Pampanito's radio room. Also, watch your head and shins while traversing the bulkheads!
It's bigger inside than I would expect! Been wanting to come here for a year or so. Student discount! Get the audio tour if you want to learn something. Otherwise expect a quick walk through which can be easily done under half hour.A volunteer docent was there to explain the ship on the day i was there. He only volunteers twice a month but I am very touched to see someone who is so passionate about such a service. Good people out there.
On a day outing with the family, we came across the USS Pampanito.Wow...so much history! AND.....so many buttons and wheels that still move!  I felt like I was in a movie....literally!A must see!!!
Cheap at twice the price!  Restoration of this vessel is obviously a labor of love as 1945 comes back to life when you are aboard this sub.  We tend to take much for granted in this day and age, and the Pampanito entertains while it educates and reminds us of  what men and women of the greatest generation accomplished.  A very cool experience.
Historic and folkloric!  It's best to get the tour.
This was a quick, but interesting tour. Everything was pretty hands on, not functional but not much was behind glass. There are so many knobs on this boat it's amazing it ever worked. -1 star for being $12/person.
Do not do this  tour if you have any claustrophobia. There are many cramped and tight spaces, and you could get the willies.Fascinating exhibit. The refitting of this sub is being done by volunteers, and is being paid for by donations. Many subtle details inside add to the authenticity of the experience. Old big band music from the 40's is played through some tinny radio speakers, the wiring is cloth-wrapped, the fittings are original. I have been inside 4 times with visitors and learn something new each time.  The last time I found out the boat is always powered by the electric motors run off the batteries. The huge diesel engines were only there to generate electricity to recharge the batteries. Some of the tour guides that were on diesel subs would talk about running in rough seas with the diesel going at "snorkel depth" , which has the 20' snorkel for the diesel exhaust and intake. There is an automatic flap that would close if water came down the snorkel, which would cause a painful to the ears negative pressure throughout the boat. Yeow.Bring your kids, they will be amazed. Be prepared to answer more questions than you thought possible about the submarine.
The USS Pampanito is part of the national park in San Francisco -- yes, a NATIONAL park! In the City! I discovered that there was a national park inside SF just a little while ago. An actual WW2 submarine, the USS Pampanito has been transformed into a submarine museum of sorts. The maintenance crew have taken pains not to muck it up too much; there aren't too many signs and changes but a faithful restoration. The tour is well worth the price of admission, though I think the adults of my group enjoyed and absorbed more than the kids of the group. The fascinating audio tour, on iPod Shuffle, is worth the extra $2; the recording of actual crew members talks about the experience -- 80 men, 75 days of no showering (lovely!) -- and is well-organized so that the self-paced audio tour goes through each "room" as you listen to a crew member talk about his experience onboard and about the interesting points about the sub itself. Perhaps a half hour long, the audio tour is paced very nicely, though you have the option to pause if you stumble across something particularly interesting.  The sub is also a star ... the film Down Periscope was filmed on board the Pampanito! Never again will I complain that my kitchen is too small -- cooking for 80 men in that tiny space! Although, I have to say, that mixer puts my KitchenAid mixer to shame; that bad boy is HUGE! Never again will I complain about doing laundry. Check out the laundry facilities with a roller dryer in the back (what is the term of the "back" of the sub - Port?... note:  Toni M just reminded me that the back is "aft") of the sub. Where did they hang their laundry to dry? This submarine was actually in warfare, sinking six Japanese vessels and hitting four others. We took a moment to honor the men who served on board and the men whose lives were lost. In this time of budget cuts and scale backs, I worry about our national and state parks. Take the time to visit and support them!
It's a rare experience to be able to walk around inside a World War II era submarine.  If you get the chance to take the tour here and see the boat, it's definitely worth it.  Just taking in the environment and the history of the ship is overwhelming.  I've been on another submarine museum before, but that one was locked to a dock so it couldn't move.  This one is free in the water, so the boat is swaying under you as you walk through the ship, as it might have been if it were docked in a harbor / shiphouse.  It gives an even more authentic experience as you walk through the tiny spaces having the floor moving around.Seeing that the "office" where all the reports were typed up was about the size of my refrigerator gave me a greater appreciation for my cube at the studio where I work.  There's two toilets on the ship to serve around 80 people, two showers, which they weren't allowed to use very often in order to conserve water - made me enjoy my shower more that night.  The admission & audio tour costs 11 bucks and is self guided, lasting about a half hour.  We took probably closer to an hour, moving at our own pace, taking lots of photos, exploring the space.  As other people have said, the audio tour is great, incorporating recordings from sailors who served on this boat.  It's full of great details - you start finding out how movies are inaccurate in favor of drama - for example the sailors would mostly wear tshirts, shorts and flip flops when out at sea because the ships were too hot.  They'd pack up their uniforms and never wear them on missions.  If you're one of those people that detests war and just likes to be mad at everything, then maybe this is not for you.  If you can appreciate history, the era, the technology with which this was built, and most importantly the men who served on it, then by all means, check it out.
The boy loves all things military, and so the chance to hop on a submarine here in the wharf was a chance too good to miss (apparently there are only 2 available to the public to explore, and the boy had visited the other one already). Unfortunately it didn't live up to expectations. When we approached the ticket booth, the seller was more interested in talking on his cell phone than selling us tickets - as a result, we had already entered the submarine before realising this was best done accompanied by an audio tour. See, this is where the ticket seller had an opportunity to upsell on the basic ticket, but missed out as he was too busy describing his lunch to his pal. But so did we, as there isn't a single sign expaining anything about the sub as you walk through. For the boy, he could describe some parts, but mainly, I just wandered through, and got a little bit bored. Not sure I would bother recommending the tour ($10 for the basic ticket that we got) which is a shame, as I am sure, had it been a little more informative, it would have been a worthwhile experience.
Unbelievably intriguing! This sub has a fascinating history and the tour tries its best to paint the picture of a dark, gloomy underwater experience during the second world war. 80 sailors spent something like 75 days in the pacific on this sub and in the course of its mission, 6 enemy vessels were destroyed by these brave men and the Pampanito. The tour starts at one end of the sub where you climb down surprisingly narrow steps into the hull of the submarine and walk through various "rooms" which are basically metal cavities that served as living quarters, mess halls, radio and control rooms etc. It requires lots of bending and squeezing through very tight spaces and can be quite an overwhelming experience if you are claustrophobic. There are quite a few artifacts aboard from the era such as a copy of an old newspaper and some photographs of family members in the living quarters. Even the captain's log can be seen in the Captain's quarters. I would highly recommend this tour to anyone who is interested in this sort of thing and even to people who just want to experience what working on a submarine would feel like. You can get a discount on admission if you present a school ID when purchasing tickets.
Years ago (well, about ten), I worked as a "deckhand" aboard the USS Pampanito (SS-383).  "Deckhand" is misleading, since most of a submarine is below-deck, but since part of my job entailed spraying seagull poop off of the deck every morning, I suppose the term isn't too much of a stretch.  I was the graveyard-shift deckhand, which meant that I was on-board every evening from midnight to 8 a.m.  By myself.  If you've never spent the night on-board a 60 year-old submarine by yourself, you've missed out on a...rather strange experience.  Actually, I don't think that I appreciated it as much as I should've.  It was utterly fascinating!The Pampanito is perhaps the best-preserved WWII submarine in the world.  The boat is lovingly conserved down to the smallest detail by a devoted crew and a host of just-as-devoted volunteers, some of which are veteran submariners.  They deserve a huge debt of respect.  While I worked there, three of its four massive diesel engines worked, and they were restoring the fourth.  If it were legal to do so (and sadly, it *isn't*), the Pampanito could dive, move under its own power, and fire its torpedoes at say, one of the big Chinese container ships that ply the Bay.  But federal law prohibits it doing diving or moving under its own power.  Nevertheless, the Pampanito has that capability and it shows.  The tour is flat-out fascinating, with a very good audio accompaniment.  Take your time to see all of the compartments and accouterments throughout the boat, and have a thought for the immensely brave young men who crewed her during the War.  Enjoy the distinctive smells of the torpedo room with its copper, brass and oil paint, the engine room with the diesel fumes and the battery compartment (under the floor of the bunk room) with its distinctive smell of lead and acid.  And mind your head!  I'm 6'3", and I can't tell you how often I've clocked myself.The Pampanito is not only a priceless repository of history, it's an experience that engages every sense of the visitor, and a resource unrivaled in any other city.  Finally, some have mentioned the price of admission.  While I agree that it is a little steep for a single, rather compact "attraction", it's not unreasonable for how unique it is (try comparison shopping for WWII submarines!).
$9 to get on, but it's incredible to see the submarine. I can't imagine 80 people fitting on that thing, much less for over a month. Everything was cramped on this thing. Even the Colonels quarters. Sheesh. It would pay to get sick so you could sleep the bigger bed. An incredible experience. Don't forget to hit Museé Mechanique on your way out.
Worth it with the groupon offer of two adults for $10 or family of four for $14 (two adults, two kids).  Regular admission is $12 per adult, which is probably why few people bother to visit.  Understandably, they need the funds to maintain this submarine.  Imagine all the algae that must develop as it's docked. The nearby Maritime Museum's been around forever and as a child used to visit nearly every single day for evening walks.An eye-opening experience that should appeal to many. It doesn't take long to tour the submarine and we explored without the audio tour.  Don't feel an additional $3 for an audio tour is that helpful (and you can listen to it for free from the website).Friendly volunteers in the radio room chatted people up.  One volunteer in his knit hat was sleeping on a bench however.  Would like to post the photo we took but I didn't get his permission for the photo in the first place. Park up the hills in the residential area to avoid the sloth-like pedestrian and auto traffic and walk down here.  This is fun even for locals, but go off-season to prevent too much eye-rolling at the tourists bedazzled by our city's beauty that they put themselves and others in harm's way by standing in the middle of the street or other precarious perches without looking around so that they can take primo photos. This happens inside the submarine too, which is rocky.  It creates a queue given that it's narrow and single file through the majority of the ship.
It was a great experience to get on board of WWII Sub. Its very well preserved, and looks like its ready to submerge. I really enjoyed looking at all the mechanical items and torpedo launchers. Highly recommend.
The submarine itself is amazing to encounter.  Unfortunately, we didn't get the audio tour, but maybe it'll be an incentive to come back.  That said, I do wish there was some labelling at the least so those who did not get the audio tour could still get a sense of the various things we were seeing.  It is definitely intriguing to think how advanced the sub was for its time and its significance in history, not to mention how many people could actually be aboard!  Definitely worth it to bring kids.My main complaint was with the ticket booth staff member who seemed very un-interested in being friendly, inviting or helpful.
Must-see for history buffs, Japanese and Japanese Americans included.I didn't get any creepy ghost vibes, unlike on the USS Midway in San Diego.The wire rail atop the sub needs mesh netting at the base.  If you drop anything it'll roll right off the side and into the water.  ploop.I can't imagine spending the night on this vessel, let alone a developing child.  fumes! gag!War is appalling.
A must see. Incredible access to a real WWII submarine. You won't regret the time or expense. If you are claustrophobic I wouldn't recommend it.
The USS Pampanito is the most complete WWII sub in existence. If you want to gain some real perspective on what life was like as a submariner, you have to visit.I would highly recommend taking the audio tour, as it's one of the best I've ever taken.  Forget some monotonous museum curator droning on about whatever. The audio tour is given by the men who actually served on the USS Pampanito and other Balao Class submarines.  It lasts at least half an hour, but I usually find it takes me at least an hour.Wander around. Squeeze yourself through the bulkheads, and picture the 6' 3" cook who could walk from bow to stern at night with the lights off and not hit his head.  Stand in the control room and imagine living your life by the depth gauge in front of you.  Take in the engine room and think about living in 100+ degree heat and diesel smoke 24/7.The USS Pampanito is a great reminder of the sacrifices made by the brave men of a bygone era for our freedom.  Visit the Pampanito, if only to pay your respects to them.
Didnt expect to like it this much! I am a girly girl and didnt think i would enjoy this day as much as i did. We rented the headset, really worth it.  A trip back into our military history that is real interesting. And upon leaving the submarine you are next to a antique game museum that is also fun. A beautiful and affordable way to spend a afternoon.
This was a lot of fun. Full price adults only $10 and down from there. It was a "neat" tour and I would probably even do it again. Tight spaces, if you are afraid of them avoid.
An amazing place to visit and to pay respect to the crews that served in WW2 and later.Great job volunteers.
An interesting tour of the submarine currently located at this location. Not sure how long it will be at this location, but I have to say that the submarine I toured in Mobile, AL was much more interesting. I can't place why, though, probably because so much of this vessel was blocked off...
I actually visited the Pampanito years ago on another trip up north, but this time with my 14-year old daughter in tow, I felt that this needed to be one of my first stops.Nothing written or captured on film can really get across to a person the extreme hardship that the crew members needed to endure during their deployment at sea than an in-person tour through this boat can do.  just the simple fact that one needs to be fairly limber to make their way from stem to stern through this vessel says a lot about how stressful life aboard a sub can be....and my daughter, bless her heart, couldn't understand how the war was fought and won using technology that didn't have the Intel logo stamped on it.
Great place to take kids and adults.  Lot of wartime history behind the sub, and and your kids will love it!
A WWII US sub, and I can just wander around in it? Wow. This lovingly maintained and restored submarine is a must-visit if you have any interest in submarines, naval warfare, or WWII. The space is cramped (it is a sub, after all) so try to go at lunch or an off day to get more time to check it out. You can either use their audio tour system, or just wander around looking at the fore and aft torpedo rooms, and everything in between.When you start to feel claustrophobic, imagine what it was like to be in one of these deep underwater while being depth-charged. The crews of these subs were both brave and nuts.Highly recommended.For sub nerds, the Pampanito is a Balao class submarine. It's the same size and (I think) layout as the Gato class, but with a stronger hull.
