It doesn't belong to Four Barrel, so if any of the pasty patrons or bearded baristas are giving you guff about sitting here, point to the tiny little sign that informs said Mission MacGuffins about the true nature of parklets in San Francisco:  namely, that they're free and open to the public.The plastic or plastique figurines dancing above your head are magical, especially as it's getting dark, especially if there happen to be lights affixed to the lattice structure when you happen to be visiting.  There is beautiful bike parking (but very few beautiful bikes), and the blocky reclaimed wood feels sturdy beneath your feet.  The seating areas look a bit like open-air cubicles, but I haven't spent enough time here to know whether sharing a stall with someone without asking first is rude.I can imagine doing some serious reading here.  Or spreading out a bunch of science textbooks and/or technical journals and studying and/or designing something.  I'm sure dozens of desk-dreading daredevils have done this before.  They might even do it on the regular.San Francisco still has its charms, but as with our inalienable rights, defending these charms sometimes requires sharp elbows as well as tiny little signs.
I'm a huge fan of the diminutive parklets the city of San Francisco has been peppering around town as of late, and this urban oasis right outside of Four Barrel on Valencia just might be my favorite hang of them all. While you'd be hard pressed to find me giving anything less than 5 stars to any of the pop-up mini parks scattered throughout the 415, this particular structure has an architectural soul that syncs up to the neighborhood perfectly. Plenty of seating, lots of surface area to lock up your bicycle, and some serious synergy with the interior design of Four Barrel just steps away. Well done, parklet wizards!
What a complete waste of perfectly good parking spaces!And, of course, Mission Dolores Park is soooooo far away to walk to in order to enjoy your Double Vente Decaf Mint Latte with a twist.However, the bottom line is that these are parking spots (correction: multiple spaces) on public streets that are being utilized for (let's be honest here) private concerns.
I never even heard of parklets until I moved to SF. It's conveniently located outside of four barrels coffee which comes in handy and I love the fact that it's a public spot. Now I'm obsessed with parklets, yelping them in other cities, and having dreams about them.
