This is a great "medium" sized upgraded playground. There is a small sand area (perfect). The rest is the new spongy nerf they use. There is a big kid and small kid area too (also a big plus) which is gated. Outside the playground is a basketball court and grassy area.  This is our new favorite park in the Twin Peaks area.
I came here looking for a dog park, especially one that's gated. 4 stars because they have a decent gated dog park. Downside is that there's no grass just all packed dirt/sand. You honestly need to shower and bath your dog afterwards. There's lots of dogs that come here, but when they run around, they kick up the dirt making it very dusty. But because I love my dog, I don't mind standing in the dust while he plays with others and sniff butts.This park also has a basketball court, playground and btw, has an amazing view of the city!
I love this park with great view the city.. But why they don't have bathrooms??? Kids n adults need to use omg.. Sort of useless cuz of it..
I love this park. It's so green and gorgeous now. I love coming here for a morning jog. The path is paved and the circle will take you around to the playground, basketball courts, as well as to the lookout point where you can view sights like the entire downtown skyline and sutro tower. The top portion of the park is reserved for the dog play area which looks nice and spacious. Many local dog walking businesses take their dogs here. My only problem with it is that the nearby Muni stop always has the faint smell of urine now...:(
The park is a very nice park. It has some of arguably the best views of the city. However I met the rudest lady there today. As I was informed by her it's a neighborhood park not a public park. It is indeed not its a public park!! There's no signs that say otherwise.
This is one of our staple playgrounds, since we are lucky enough to have 5 playgrounds within walking distance.  The playground is newer and has multiple play areas; one for infants and toddlers and one for preschoolers and kids up to 8 or so.  There's lots of space to run around and play tag inside the fenced playground-which is far removed from the streets-so it's perfect for wearing them out for a nap or bed time.  It is windy in the afternoons but dead calm most mornings.  And yes, the view is fantastic.Minus one star for not having bathrooms, so bring your own!
The dog part is like a pee-soaked tundra. Smells revolting on cool days, and on warm ones... protect much dominated by dog walkers which is fine, but it either feels dead or over-run. My dog does not enjoy it as there is no grass what-so-ever. At least it exists?
A tremendous treasure that I never knew beheld such fun for dogs, kids, and view lovers! The great views of FiDi, the fresh air in the hills... and nothing like getting there on foot... from West Portal! I always knew of Haas' name from Cal's B School; who knew... little park near Diamond Heights?!PS Connected to Billy Goat... "baaaAAA" Park
We like coming to this playground sometimes because my son can play basketball, while my daughter plays in fenced in playground and i can have a great view of both of them at the same time. Also nice view of the city too. It can get windy and sucks theres no bathroom.
This review is for the dog park only.  I've been there twice only. It's a pretty small park. Nothing really good about it. In fact, there's not even a garbage the play area. I'd rather go to Douglas park but it's closed for the moment.
Love this playground. Fun for my toddler and baby. I liked that the playground is fenced in,  a plus for a runaway 2year old and a crawling baby. One of our neighborhood playgrounds. Calm weather in the morning early afternoon but can get very windy and chilly. Great views. Had 1st birthday party on greens, no shade, and no bathroom, but very one had fun!
On a clear day its a great place to play ball and overlook the city.
Amazing park, so much fun.
Last time we were here, someone's car got broken into and i listened to some of the kids on the basketball court ( about 4 years old to 8 years old, talk about "popping a cap in someone's ass".  There were no parents with these kids, not sure where they came from, but nonetheless, not a great park.Noe Valley rec is so close to this park, i would head out that way
I envisioned myself as Julie Andrews in the Sound of Music.  On top of the world, great view, lots of grass, sun on my face, twirling, twirling, twirling...."the hills are alive...."Instead, I was Sally Fields in the Flying Nun.  She had the ability to fly by catching a gust of wind.  Her character explained her flying ability this way: "When lift plus thrust is greater than load plus drag, anything can fly." Key words being "greater than load", hmmmmmm... Being that I don't weigh 90 lbs (which ironically is the exact amount that I gained on the day of the Cupcake Bake-Off), no gust of wind could move me.  There I am standing in the middle of the park, earthbound, with my hair whipped into a frenzied mess and forced to bribe people to sit on my blanket so that it won't blow right off of the hill.  It's windy up there, folks!!Tried it again today, this time with my dog, my lunch, and no blanket.  It looked so pastoral and inviting as we pulled up!  Kids playing basketball, people walking their dogs, the sun shining brightly!  Then...Whip whip whip went the wind, blowing my napkins right into the bushes (I retrieved them) and making me thankful for my light jacket.Despite the wind, the park is great.  It is beautifully laid out, well-manicured, and they have a great dog run at the top which keeps the pooches happy and the park poop-free.  There is a playground and picnic tables, too.  The view is spectacular.Bring SUNSCREEN as the wind makes you forget that you are in direct sunlight, and for those prone to burn, primed for a deep blush on your complexion the next day.
Not so long ago I received a request from San Francisco. Kindergarten Commando was planning a cupcake bake-off and would I be a judge? An event involving cupcakes that didn't require me to bake, frost and ferry cupcakes across the city, held on a weekend when I would be back in wonderful San Francisco? My answer, of course, was ABSOLUTELY.I arrived at Walter Haas Park thinking I'd eat a cupcake or five, putting my sweet but shrewd judgment to good use. Little did I know that I would be enticed by more than 20 entries! And that there would be no time for me to play on the jungle gym, monkey bars or even find out if they had swings!This park is windy, to be sure, but as long as you've got a hoodie, a blanket, a bunch of yelpers and a TON of cupcakes, you'll be fine. And because of the wind, this park is a perfect place to bring a kite! Kids and dogs also seemed to love Walter Haas.PS: Potato chips make a perfect after cupcake palette cleanser. WHO KNEW?!
What an amazing dog park..beautiful views of the city and there is a playground and grass area too! I wish it was not as windy here but i think it is cold year round! So make sure to come here all bundled up!Parking around the area was easy to find and the diamond heights neighborhood is pretty cute! I never realized it before i drove here!Parsley, my 5yo Shih-tzu had a blast with his friends, Coco(X2), Sophie and Bambam!=)I have to mention the view again! It is beautiful, amazing, wonderful! =) Coffee, scarf, dog, park...sunday ritual about to be made !=)
A clean park with beautiful city views, great landscaping, a basketball court, benches for sitting, a walking path, a wonderful playground for kids, and an adjacent dog park.  What's not to like?
As Dog Park...We went here 3 hours before sunset and saw no dogs. Hmm.... The dog park looked kinda small too. Although on the drive down there's an amaazing view of the city. Very nice. Nice clear day too, so could see all the way to Oakland.
The playground rocks.The swings have a magnificent view of the city and there's a sandbox and the structure is challenging and entertaining.We have encountered several friendly kids and guardians and it's nice to play and then go relax on or walk around the grass.It can get a little brisk here, so bring a coat. And make sure you sunscreen you and the little one as there's no real shade to speak of.The dogpark is not my favorite.The first (and only time) I've gone, I was questioned about my dog's gender and intact or not status before I'd even unlatched the gate. I realize that people get jaded by unfortunate canine interactions, but it's frustrating to constantly be lumped into a breed stereotype based on my dog's appearance. I'm a responsible owner. I wouldn't take my dog to dog parks if she was aggressive. I can understand people being wary and I know not everyone respects dog parks the way I do, but it's still frustrating.We had a fine time.We met a couple of friendly dogs, and owners.But there's barely a stitch of grass on this wind swept pee hill and that's just downright sad. I suppose it's a good local place for a little jaunt, but certainly not somewhere I'd like to spend very long at.
Not much to write about.  I went to the "dog play area" and it was dry and dusty.  No green grass, a couple of large rocks here and there.  I went on a Sunday sunny afternoon and there was ONE other dog there, a husky that took my dogs ball haha.  I won't be back...
Great park, perfect for pre-school age. I like the design of the playground, my 3 yr old can climb all over and I feel it's safe enough to let her explore her skills. Lovely view of the city, I can imagine it's windy and foggy in summer though.
"Sean S have you been tanning?" Liz S asked."No, this was from the Cupcake bakeoff yesterday.""But I was there too and I didn't get any color."But you were a judge under a tree. This is what a fair skinned contestant looks like after waiting for the hour long judging of lying in the sun and eating your salt and vinegar potato chips."That much sun though?""actually, I think it's Wind Burn"lovely park, especially if you have a dog, but wrap them in a sweater and if they're small, hold their leash lest they be whooshed away by the wind.  It was 80something degrees in Hayes Valley and felt about 50 degrees at this park.  Great company though.
Caution!  Wear goggles.This park has a little area for dogs to play.  I bring my Shiba here so she can get some exercise as it's the closest park from my home.  The park offers a beautiful view of San Francisco, but the dog play area itself is quite drab...no grass nor sand where my dog can get her digging fix.  Moreover, it gets super windy up there and many times I've had dust get into my eyes.  My poor doggy even gets squinty-eyed from the dust and wind.  We never stay long as it gets chilly really fast up there as well.
Why do I love this park? Because this is where my doggie started to love dog parks. It is enclosed which is nice for new dogs who might not be used to dog parks yet. If you go in the morning there are a lot of dog walkers who bring dogs here. -1 because there isn't any grass, location, and lack of doggie plastic bags in case you forget.
Fun playground equipment but the star of the show is the view of the city!
This recently built playground features a children's playground, well-maintained grounds, open sunny space (weather permitting), basketball court, and a great enclosed dog run. On the weekends, you can watch the hordes of unleashed pooches run amuck.High atop Diamond Heights (and Billy Goat Hill), the Haas Playground also provides stunning views of the City, Bay Bridge, and East Bay.
It exists and is green, plus it has great views.  Ergo, 4 stars.  However, as a non-dog-owner and non-parent, there isn't really much for me to do here, and forget about peace and quiet.  Besides, I like to steer well clear of the minefield of kid/dog/leash politics.Nope, I'll stick to quiet little Billy Goat Hill.  But I'm sure this is a godsend to local dog owners.
What a beautiful park to stumble upon after driving through Glen Park to look for a place to eat our burrito & nachos from La Corneta!  On our way to another green spot on the map, we saw the sign.  Parking right in front - dog area - playground, yes, indeed, but not a spot under shade on this blazing hot day so who cares?  We found a lovely bench, perfectly shaded, but far enough away from the playground to be peaceful.  It was on our way back after regaining sanity through food and cool breezes that we noticed the beautifully clear view to the horizon.  Unfortunately, we still could hear the thumping rave music from the How Weird Fest that drove us out of our neighborhood in the first place.  Can you believe that?
A great park for kids and dogs -- there's a playground for the former and a play area/run for the latter. Both are fenced-in to keep pesky human adults separate, and there are water fountains in both areas as well. Unfortunately, the dirt in the dog run tends to blow around a lot in the Diamond Heights wind, but I've heard rumors that the dog run surface may be replaced at some point. The park also boasts a long grassy field that's great for frisbee, picnics, kite-flying, and other sedate sports. Fabulous views of the east part of the city.My biggest peeve is that people like to let their dogs run off-leash in the on-leash area. My pup can be anxious with other canines, and he and I are not happy when free-running dogs come rushing up to him unexpectedly. What's worse is that owners frequently have little to no control over them. Please put your dog on a leash when in the on-leash area.
I really like this park.  It's newly renovated and it's a great place for small children.  But, they lose a star because of the bad kids from Diamond Heights that like to wreak havoc here.This really is a great park!  There is a quaint little playground area which is ideal for younger children (maybe 7 and under...kids older than that may get bored pretty quickly).  There is a nice big grassy area.  There is a walking trail around it all and a Dog Park (can't forget the dog park) just above.  This was a well thought-out design for the most part.  But, the bad, kids from the nearby housing developments love to come up there and just ruin the vibe for everyone!FOR EXAMPLE:  the last time we were up there these two tweens were up there riding skateboards through the itty-bitty little playground!  There's barely enough room for the little children and the babies to play.  So, it is obviously not the place for a couple of tweens on skateboards (let's not even discuss that they could have been ANYWHERE in the park skateboarding and they made a CONSCIOUS decision to skateboard in the playground itself).  But they weren't bright enough to "get it".  And of course, they were completely unsupervised!  To top it off, these little farts start spitting all over the play structures, swings, everything!!!!  One of the parents even asked them to stop (I'm sure fearful for his life that these little boogers might be packing).  But, they ignored the parental plea and spat even more aggressively!  Well, I don't want my baby girl playing in some booty-scratcher's loogi so we left and came home...long before we were ready.This happens up here a lot!  You'll be sitting at the basketball court or on the playground enjoying the day watching all the little children have fun and some of the older kids from the area will come and ruin it.  Where are all the parents of these kids?  I know!  ..somewhere having more kids!
debated about how many stars to give this park.  At first I thought only three because of its drawbacks, but eventually I decided on four simply because I'm so grateful this park is here, and it really is quite nice when taken as a whole.I'll focus mainly on the dogpark area, although I have used the playground when spending time with my niece and nephew, ages 6 and 3, respectively.  First, the playground -- really nice, with lots of play equipment for different ages.  However, the sand tends to blow across the rest of the surfacing, and is already starting to degrade it.  Also, it can get really, really crowded on a nice day, and seems to attract older kids (teens) who don't always "play nice" around the younger kids.    I almost always see very young kids from the neighborhood with no adult supervision (--I even had to call protective services once when I found a injured 4 year old locked out of his house and told to "go play".... but that's another story! Now, for the dog run or dog park area, which is what I'm most familiar with.  The pros:--The fact that it exists.  There are too few dog parks, and even fewer fully enclosed dog parks, for those that have pooches with iffy recall or a wandering nature.--It has double-gated entrances, and a doggie water fountain--The surfacing, although it looks and feels like dirt, is actually something else, like finely crushed stone, so it doesn't turn into a muddy swamp when it rains.  This alone merits a couple of stars.  And it makes it easy to see poop so you can clean up after your dog.  --beautiful views--easy parking, as well as being right next to a bus stopThe cons:--Although the park is practically brand new (just over a year old, I think), the gates are already partially broken, and the water fountain is perpetually clogged.--The grade in the park wasn't done right, and so when it rains, or when it's windy (--which is often, atop this hill), the surfacing starts to erode, creating mini-ravines just bound to cause a broken or sprained ankle/paw, or it blows around in clouds of dust that get in your eyes--This park seems to attract more than its share of irresponsible dog owners (i.e. people who don't know much about dog behavior and don't have control of their dog, or people who read/talk on the phone instead of watching their dog, etc.) and irresponsible parents (i.e. people who bring small children into the dog play area and let them toddle about while 50-lb or 75-lb dogs hurtle around at high speeds.  C'mon people, let your child watch from the other side of the fence, or play on the playground; at the very least you could stand them on one of the benches and hold their hand.  Be smart.--The urine smell around the benches and gates is overpowering at times.  I'm not sure what the solution to that would be.--It is often extremely crowded (because there aren't enough dog parks), and if there are too many dogs in an enclosed space, it amps up the energy level and increases the tension between dogs and therefore increases the likelihood of confrontations.Overall, like I said, this park is a Good Thing.
i've lived in this city for my whole life, save college, and i can't believe i'd never been here!  being a new dog owner, i'm always looking for new places to take Yogi the Chihuahua to get him socialized with other dogs, and nice and tuckered out so he sleeps well at night, and Walter Haas was next on the list of places to try.  i prefer a grassy enclosed area for Yogi, but this wasn't too bad, with packed dirt and a few key boulders to pee on : ) or for Yogi to hide behind (he's so small, i often lose him behind rocks and other dogs!).  there weren't too many small dogs there, but Yogi can hold his own w/ the big ones so i wasn't scared or worried.  and i ran into my friends who have two small dogs, which helped bump up the ratio a bit.  there's also a nice playground below the dog park and a safeway just up the block, so on a nice day, could be a great place for a picnic, taking in the nice city view.  Yogi and i will be back for sure, esp. since i prefer enclosed dog parks so he can be off leash and be free for a change!
The dog park is much too small for the high number of dogs that are brought to the park, but then to top it off you get snotty dog walkers from Pattie Dog Posse who interact with your dog for no less than 20 seconds and tell you he's getting "scary".  I hate when dog walkers are a) holier than thou and b) just plain unprofessional - it makes all the other GOOD dog walkers look bad.
I know I'm definitely skewing the average, but I may as well mention this, especially since Haas is listed as a kid-friendly park.  My kid was punched in the face there today by an older kid who took his cell phone and played around with it for about fifteen minutes before finally throwing it on the sidewalk and heading out.  It's just a bully incident, and I know this park is usually a great place.  But just as with the other parks in the city, don't let your guard down, and make sure your kid isn't there alone.
Perched on top of a hill, this park has spectacular views of the city and has a nice playground area for kids and a dog run for your pooch. If you like flying kites, this is a great place to do it. If you want to have a cupcake bakeoff, it's still a really lovely spot, but make sure you bring your own tables and an abundant supply of super strength packing tape to avoid any injuries caused by flying paper plates and cupcakes.
We live in Glen Park with our new puppy, and so we favor the Glen Canyon Park for sheer doggy dogg fun.  We go to Walter Haas Dog Run reluctantly, why?  It's a gret view, but you can run into some scary ass dogs there, and somehow, the Darwinian aspects of canine biology seem to assert themselves.  Do yourself a favor, get back in the car, drive down trhe hil and go to Glen Canyon Park, the yard behind the gym is a great place to socialize your dog.
Fun place for play structures as well as going around by bike, playing basket ball etc.  Nice view of the city.  It can be windy!
Peaceful place to spend the day and take the kids or pets.   Nice views of the city and further up the hill a nice view of the Excelsior , Portola , Glen Park and Diamond Heights that you don't get anywhere else except for Bernal Hill.
What a lovely park!  There is a brand new children's playground, a dog run, a basketball court and a beautiful lawn.  Parking is really easy, and it's walking distance to the Diamond Heights Safeway (in case you need refreshments or picnic items).  But, the best part about this park, besides the fact that it is free, is the absolutely stunning view of the city.
a nice playground. should be on saturn, not san franciscowinds blow on saturn at 700 mph+slightly slower here..this should be the first park in the worldto offer a retractable dome..and what the hell is with all the cupcake crumbs everywhere??
This is a great place to take your dog. The dog park is enclosed in a double-locked gate and a doggie water fountain is at their disposal. The ground is hard-packed dirt and it is a large enough area for many dogs to run around and play fetch, etc. There is also ample street parking, even on the weekend.
We visited this playground on the Fourth of July with friends and brought lunch. Nice cement picnic tables (round). Beautifully landscaped park with new playground structures. Very clean. Other nice families around. An excellent place to spend the afternoon with the kids! Plus nearby family-friendly trails through Glen Canyon...
woo!  this park rocks.. well, perched atop a gorgeous hill with a great view of the city, there's kids and dogs running all about.. so fun!
