Confirmed.This has been completed: sf.curbed.com/archives/2…Whether the water is warm or not is another story. Was too busy enjoying the peaceful ambiance and water soundtrack to care.It's a small park where you might be sitting on a smooth rock instead of a bench. Just consider it a way to get closer to the water and validate we live in the best city ever.
I had high expectations for what's known as the most ghetto park in SF but it looks like it's reputation has spread to the authorities because it's not that bad now.  Nicely paved.  Newly painted walls.  No graffiti.  No weeds.Granted, it's still in a pretty industrial part of town with a view of the Alameda docks.
(AKA Toxic Beach)   I came here a few times to hang out with some friends and I have admit this is an odd beach..located off of 3rd street in Protrero Hill this is a pretty chill spot to enjoy some beautiful views. yes it is in industrial area but I think it gives this location character...You couldn't tell from the entrance of the park that your so close to the water....Overall over the years I guess they've cleaned this location up and you can tell...I will come back and check out again in the near future
Used to go here back in 03-04 for the punk shows. My sister who was into the scene lived in SF at the time, she took me to a bunch of them down here. Good times. Sucks to hear they painted the graffiti...P.S. After looking at the photos of the people I know more than 5 of them HOLY WOW lololol
Nasty and gross and exploding with riotous color, it was the best park in SF.  Fed on toxins, the plants were pitiful drooping things; the only thriving flora were the traces left by the graffiti artists.The best sight was the MUNI graveyard across the mouth of the inlet, even more intensely cultivated by the graffiti gardeners than the famous wall.  Sheltered between two enormous warehouses were one hundred antique trains and buses arranged in neat rows, every inch of them bursting with color - a nursery of rusting industrial flowers grown on a monumental scale.  Over years, the garden subsided as MUNI gradually emptied the lot.To be standing at the edge of Warm Water Cove, balanced upon some jutting concrete slab, was to know the compelling beauty of an industrial wasteland, a veritable ecology.But here's a fantastic ray of hope:A few years ago I came across a ranger who was making careful observations of the thick, oily water at the large pipe opening.  She was looking for salmon.  Apparently every year a handful of salmon return and swim up those pipes to spawn, the remnant of the original population that once traveled up the particular creek now traced by the city drainage pipe.How cool is that?
Back in the day, I used to to go punk shows here when my friends were playing, and it would be ghetto, running off generators, playing in the rain sometimes. I have amazing memories of this place. I haven't been back in a few years, but it sounds as if it's been cleaned up a bit which is sad.Not only is this a great place to come for some solitude ( I lived up on potrero hill and would walk down here for some "alone" time whenever I'd get into an argument with my parents) but the walk to get here is impressive. Lots of defunct factories and a muni graveyard to boot. I've taken some amazing photographs around here.
The graffiti is still gone and the water is probably still polluted. However,  this is still one of my favorite hang out spots, especially if there's a day party. Dirty beats, friendly faces, cute doggies, warm weather, and scenic views of the East Bay - what could be better?
A great little hidden spot I stumbled upon while riding through industrial SF.  Overgrown grass and a few benches nestled among the ship yards along the bay.  Don't drink the water! Quite a grimy park but I found it quite peaceful.  Watch out for needles and broken glass, friends.
well... if the last time you went to this spot was before 2007 then the next time you go back you will be in for a big suprise. "tire beach" has become something totally different. the place has the feeling of an insane asylum with everything painted grey. DHL bought the big building across the inlet and i hear that muni is building a yard for its light rail cars only a block away. years ago "tire beach" had flavor. its walls completely decorated and you'd never know what type of characters you would find here. today its a very bland spot that doesnt really offer me any reason to go there. the industrial vibe remains of course but i havent even heard of any punk shows going down there as of recent. im sure many people will love that the spot is all cleaned up but i for one am not. it had a vibe of "pure freedom" before and now its just like everywhere else. RIP tire beach
not well maintained, isolated, smell of stagnant bay water.  umm, im not sure why they built this.
ah, this will always be "tire beach" to me. i've gone to really good shows and barbeques here. cool views, always seems to be sunny and a really cool area to ride bikes around. last time i was here i walked over behind this cement structure to pee and i found a dead skunk spooning a bottle of jameson. i love homebums with a sense of humor.
Don't ever change, Warm Water. Oops, too late. That's what we get for allowing one woman walking her dog to become "uncomfortable" with all the "defacement" in a public "park." Ceci n'est pas un park. Here's an idea, Random Whiner Who Caused This Place to be Whitewashed: if you want to move into a yuppie dorm (that was built by exploiting a legal loophole originally created to give artists live/work spaces) please expect that converting portions of an INDUSTRIAL district will necessarily leave *some places* not well-suited for Ikea merchandise. Some of those places have been around for a long time and give the neighborhood a certain feel, and their unique existence is largely an accident.  A lot of people enjoy these rarities, while not too many people enjoy fewer parking spaces or forgotten dog feces or ridiculous noise complaints from people who moved into an INDUSTRIAL district (which is what you bring to the table). Simply an observation: YOU are the trespasser, while the true owners are the people who spraypainted this derelict patch of waterfront land. Perhaps the reason you're uncomfortable is that you don't belong.Should you choose to complain about Warmwater, save yourself the trouble and just skip to the part where you move away... douchebags.
One of my favorite memories of San Francisco was stumbling upon this park on a Sunday afternoon. I was fleeing all the signs of impending gentrification in the rest of the city and sought refuge in the old industrial sections of Dogpatch. Lo and behold, I came across this colorful graffiti gallery hidden in an unused corner of the city that clearly was ignored by everyone else. To make the scenario even better, there was a crowd of DIY punks hosting a gig there for some touring and local bands.In a word: independence!Yep, independence from greedy club owners who steal most of the money people pay at the door. Independence from nosey neighbors complaining about the noise and "weird" people. Independence from the forces that would turn this whole city into a whitewashed, featureless hive of uninspired architecture for million-dollar muddleheads.And now Warm Water Cove is dead. So-called "community activists" painted over years worth of graffiti art and the cops have become humorless strong-armers who will kick you out if you attempt to do anything more than walk your dog in this "public" park. If you look strange, or punk, or anything other than a yuppie in collared shirt, you will be pulled aside and interrogated as to your intentions. It doesn't matter that the park is still a hideous mess of poisonous sludge and ugly concrete benches, with a view of nothing other than factories and cranes. Someone, somewhere decided that the new Dogpatch developers don't like this to be a refuge for the toss-offs and rejects of the New San Francisco. It's not that the people who congregated here were actually a nuisance. No, it's the IDEA of these people itself. They are persona non grata. Chosen for expurgation. Fiscally censored from the story of San Francisco.Are you one of them?
Also known as Tire Beach to some, the dirty, dangerous wonder of Warm Water Cove is not for everyone, but if you are adventerous (and armed) then you might find a trip to Warm Water Cove, well, "interesting". Home of the homeless, refuge for druggies and canvas for the artist all in one. There are huge cement cupie dolls, buried up to their eyes. There is the MUNI graveyeard across the cove, every inch covered in graffiti. There just might even be a body floating the muck that collects in the cove, next to the occasional sea lion who doesn't know better. One thing is for sure, this park is not like anything else within the city limits, and that might either be a good thing, or a bad thing, depending on how you look at it.
Warm Water Cove (aka Tire Beach) goes way back in SF lore. In the eighties and nineties there used to be impromptu punk rock shows in this park. Graffiti has always been it's signature (and good graffiti at that), and the view of the tires at low tide is both awe inspiring and refreshing (where else can you go in SF and see a vast display of tires sinking in bay muck?) It also used to be a great place to build a bonfire with pallets collected from the local streets and drink beer without bothering anyone (and without being bothered by the police). It's been a homeless camp of sorts over the years, and on one lucky day I saw the homeless church bus parked there filled with people singing hymns and banging tambourines. Recently I went to Tire Beach only to find all the graffiti painted over by the city, the walkways repaved with asphalt, and wood chips heaped on top of what used to be dirt and weeds. And the place was crawling with cops, some undercover and some not. They said they were doing 24-hour surveillance. I heard from a friend that not too long before there had been a murder in the park (which seems to coincide with the city's focus on "cleaning up" the park). But at least the tires are still there at low tide.
They got rid of all the graffiti before I could get down there and photograph it all. Sometimes I hate this city so goddamn much.
