Very nice museum.  I didn't want to leave there.  Lot's of history and historic items to look at.I loved the carriage that you can take pictures on.Will come back for sure!
The museum is very well maintained and very interactive. I was impressed by the level of detail that was used to layout the museum. The ability to interact with the various exhibits makes this museum top my list of museums in SF.  Don't let the name deceive you, although the Wells Fargo history is prevalent, tie ins to the rest of the United States history is well represented. Great museum for all ages.
If you live or going to visit San Fran I would highly recommend checking this place out. It has a lot of history how the bank was started. If you are into museums you love this place. The old history how banking was done and how it was done. I'm not a huge museum person and I really enjoyed this place. It just happened to be walking by this museum. If you are an adult or a child. This a real cool place to check out. The history behind today's banking world and the old school banking will make you say WOW!
Located directly across the street from the Omni Hotel, I stumbled upon this "museum" completely by accident.  I saw the sign outside and thought "oh...  really?"  So I had to check it out, and I'm glad I did.  I actually learned something interesting...  For example, did you know that Henry Wells was also one of the founders of American Express?  Well, now you do.The Wells Fargo History Museum is situated in the lobby of the corporate office.  It's relatively small, but there are two floors to it.  Most of the articles that you'll see highlight the company's various milestones and identify historical aspects in the nation's history that contributed to the company's growth and expansion into various enterprises before becoming the financial powerhouse it is today.The highlight for me was seeing the company's iconic stagecoach up close.  There is also a stagecoach simulator you can sit inside.  If you do that, the museum attendant will literally rock the coach back and forth while a short video plays on a large screen to simulate the riding experience for you.  It made for a good laugh!If you're in the area and looking for something quick to do, why not give this place a try?
For a small museum this place has it all. Informative, interactive and fun. It mostly covers the gold rush era and Wells Fargo's part in it as a bank and express delivery service. You can sit in a coach, learn how to drive horses, get your photo taken, try out the old telephones or telegraph, and look at lots of gold from all over the Sierras. One of the most enjoyable local museums I've been to. It's great to learn more about all those places I've passed through in the Sierras since I moved here. Like Sutters Mill started the gold rush - I've been there! Or what's the deal with Chinese Camp on the way to Yosemite.They've done a great job in bringing the gold rush days to life - and it's all free!
I loved it!The old diligence are extremely well conserved, the staff has great knowledge of the subject, and the explanations are perfect.I was there with a group of kids (not mine, but we happened to be here at the same time), and they were all excited about it. I guess the explanations are made both for adults and children! Nice job!And it's a FREE museum!It is kind of small though (30min to 1h, not more), but great museum.
Fascinating and well-presented.
It is quite small but packed with a lot of historical items from the old days. Just love this museum so much as a person who love things from the past. Highly recommended place in downtown SF.
Accompanied my son and his classmates for a school field trip. I never knew Wells Fargo had a museum! Pretty interesting information learned that day. The kids enjoyed riding in the stage coach and learned about gold. Great learning experience for kids!
Since 1852, WFB surely has quite a story to tell. This museum in particular is one of the best as it proudly displays one of the rare and authentic stagecoaches still in existence. It's a great place to visit whether you have 15, or 60 mins to spare. Great banking and California history!   When you plan it right, you can have a guided tour with one of Wells Fargo's curators who will heighten your experience even more. Upstairs, you'll find the original poems left at the scene by coach robber Black Bart--as well as amazing facts such as how he only did four years at San Quentin for his crimes. Did I mention, it's FREE?
I hadn't been in this museum since my son was a wee lad and it was fun to re-explore the place. You can't miss the big, red Concord stagecoachwhich sits on the main floor. I didn't realize it was 2000 lbs. and made of oak, ash, hickory and elm wood either! But what got me was the amount of people this coach could carry. 18!!! nine inside, three on the riders box and six on top! Oh, and the Butterfield Coach, as it was called, made the trip between St. Louis and San Francisco in about 24 days! I will NEVER complain about Southwest airlines leg room ever again after sitting in the interactive stagecoach upstairs! I can't imagine such a ride. AND they basically ate nothing but boiled black beans and black coffee the whole time while worrying about Indians or robbers showing up. Very nice exhibits of gold, gold mining equipemnt, a functional telegraph, old postal letters and reward signs. It's worth about a 45 minute stop and it's free! They're opened from 9-5 M.-F. They also have a small selection of gifts.
If you have never been to this little island of history in the middle of the concrete jungle, you are missing out.This museum offers such a great variety of artifacts, you will be mesmerized: letters, photos, guns, real coach, handcuffs, etc., etc., etc. There is even a mini-movie theatre, showing silent movies. How cool is that?Oh, and it being a bank museum, there is a small gift shop as well (a bank has got make money, right?). It is a really nice lunch destination, although they won't offer you food, they most definitely will offer you food for thought.
Did not expect to find this hidden in the SF Financial District!  I was looking for about an hour to kill with my daughter and happened upon this place.  The woman working inside was very welcoming, and the exhibits were both interesting for me and entertaining for her.  And it's free!
What a great free historical museum of the Gold Rush and Wells Fargo. The kids were thoroughly entertained. The each got a treasure hunt with questions and a clip board. They had a great time looking for the answers to the questions. This is a hands on museum for kids of all ages. Once the kids finished their treasure hunt and turned it in they received a gold coin. What a fun place.
I can't believe I'm reviewing the Wells Fargo History Museum, but hey, why the hell not.Anyhow, this free mini museum is actually pretty darn cool.  Kids and tourists group occasionally tour here too.  There's an original stagecoach right in front, and there's also one in the attached bank.  Interestingly, there are two floors to this mini museum.  The historian Andy Anderson wrote a book about Wells too, and he is actually Wells Fargo's very own historian!Oh, there's another interesting facts.  The documents they dug up there are actually from the vault/document area in the basement of the same building!
Ok.  I know, it is WELLS FARGO.... but still, this mini museum is pretty cool!  I mean, if you have to do your banking in person, at least after standing in the exasperatingly long line at the downtown California Street branch , you can exit out the northwest exit (far end of the lobby)and pass back through time.  They have one of the original stagecoaches there, lots of historical documents and photos, and you can actually touch stuff without the guards going nuts like they would in a "real" museum.This is worth the trip.  One star deducted because, after all, its owned by a bank, and there's  no gift shop that I could find.  And really, what's a museum without a gift shop where you can be parted from your cash?
This is a little gem tucked in the heart of the financial district.  You're free to walk in and check out all the exhibits.  Besides the stagecoach which is of course, Wells Fargo's signature 'emblem', all kinds of money displays and a lot of exhibits that help you visualize how hard the banks had to work to keep their 'loot' secure.   There's even a small row of theater chairs where you can park your tired butt and watch silent movies.  No one hassles you if you want to touch something or linger at a display.  I.
A few years back when I first moved to San Francisco my Dad flew out to visit. Which is a big deal in and of itself, because the man doesn't like to fly and hasn't been on a plane in over 35 years. When he came out he brought his "lady-friend" who is now his wife. The week before the trip, he called:Dad:"She wants to visit the Wells Fargo Museum."Me:"...alright, where's that at?"Dad:"San Francisco."Me:"Are you sure..hhhmm.. Don't you think it's weird that out of all the stuff there is to do she wants to visit the Wells Fargo Museum??"Dad:"I don't know."Me"Maybe she just likes weird stuff, she does like you..."Dad:"...."Me:"Dad..."Dad"Yeah, I heard ya smart-ass."So we went to the museum and on the way in I reverted to a four year old kicking his feet.."stupid bank museum..." But once we got in I had a great time. I am a history buff and am particularly interested in the Old West which is covered here in the museum. I thought it would be a stuffy history of the evolution of banks, but there are some great exhibits covering stagecoaches, robberies, bandits, outlaws, etc. They even cover the Marshals they hired to protect the stagecoaches and hunt down the banditos. The best part is that there is a refurbished life-sized stagecoach and rifles from the era adorning the walls. The museum isn't very big and I am not sure if I would make repeat trips back, but it was a fun way spend a few hours in the city.
This is not the Met or the Guggenheim, but for a free small museum it is great. The earthquake machine is a bit too real for comfort, but if you're not from around here and have never been in a biggie, give it a try. Lots of interesting stuff, and it's fun to ride in the carriage upstairs.
It's a little known fact that there's a Wells Fargo Cafeteria on the second floor of this building. There's an elevator that allows you to go up there without flashing a badge. On Tuesdays they serve a taco salad that is quite honestly the best in SF. Fresh romaine lettuce, generous portion of grilled chicken, corn, black beans, jalapenos, hickima (sp?), hard boiled eggs, cheese, salsa, guacamole, sour cream and tortilla chips. Once they had over the salad to you in an evo friendly container, the salad weighs close to three pounds. Get the punch card the first time you go and the tenth one's free!
I love this museum!  They change their exhibits about 4 times a year to honor all walks of life that are San Francisco.  Currently, they are running a great 1906 earthquake exhibit .  Before that was all about the Asian influence on the city from way back.  I especially like riding in the stage coach upstairs.
