A nice facility!  We play tennis or basketball on the weekend.  Usually hit up the library too.  Always fun.  I think there are lights on at night but I haven't been. Go check it out but don't overstay if there are people waiting!  Except for the nice guy who teaches tennis.  He's cool.
This place is flooded with toddlers and middle-schoolers because AP is right there, and it is... a Playground after all. =P Being the big kid I am, my friend and I spontaneously decided to come here for a little bball after the beach before the sun set. -Plenty of parking-good for all ages -variety of play structures: swings, rope course thing, slides-2 full-sized tennis courts and bball courts-baseball field right next to the courtsAfter hours, the majority of tiny kids vanish, leaving the big kids behind. Had a good time at your standard full court outdoor bball, but unfortunately there aren't any lights so you have to leave when it gets dark.
Been here for many years and its been a fun place to as a kid. The recent changes makes me want to be a kid again. Alas, I'll leave that for my kids to enjoy.Great area.
We visit this playground several times a week; 1 hour of play and then 20 min at the library normally.  I'm sure its a main reason why my boys LOVE books and reading.  We used to go to story time however it does get crowded so getting there early for a spot is key.  The best time for children would be during school hours on weekdays or weekends.  On weekends its a little more crowded though with toddlers but its okay to park in the middle school parking lot (however there are other activities as asian dancing and martial arts groups in the courtyard therefore the lower lot is usually full).  During weekdays there are afterschool programs for the middle school kids that do hangout on the playground.  Overall they are aware of little kids being there but you need to be ready to call them out. There is no sandbox which is nice to keep your kids clean and not deal with that.  We got to the beach for sand play anyhow so we don't miss it.I do find the playground is more sheltered than the street however unless its an extremely windy day, wind is not a deterrent for us; we live in SF so they need to get that tough skin for the wind sometime.Lastly, if you are the type of parent that lets their kid jump in puddles this is a nice playground for that.  Usually empty on rainy days like most playgrounds however not a lot of dirt so there are nice spots in the courtyard for puddles that aren't huge but big enough for them to run through.
Pros:Tons of space, spongy ground, climbing spider web, new equipment nearby soccer and baseball fields, casual vibe. Bathrooms on site and new library nearby.Cons:Zero shade, and it can get windy.
This is one of the best playgrounds in the city. Yes it's in the fog zone and if that is a problem for you then stay at home with your kids. For my family it's perfect. You are  close to the beach which means you get that ocean air smell. The playground is appropriate for infants to teens and on any given day you will see that crowd. My boys love making new friends here and always find someone to play with. Yes there are older kids but if you have young ones they can steer clear by staying on the other side of the playground. It's a busy playground and that is what I like about it.
This playground isnt really meant for kids older then 5 years old, one side is for babies and the other side is for older then 6, i have a 5 year old... He had fun but i just noticed how the place was and not really exciting.. Plus kids from the school like to hangout over there and also like to play and not like the kids play around.
Nice for smaller kids, especially 2 year olds. Baseball fields, basketball and tennis courts are right behind the playground, if you're older. The library next door is small but cute too
Not my favorite playground by any means. Looks like there is a lot of cool stuff going on, and the gym looked amazing if you were a big kid playing basketball...which my 1 yr old daughter really wanted to do. As far as the playground goes it was pretty limited for my daughter, and very small. I can't imagine what it's like in the afternoon or on a weekend.
Nice clean park with lots of fun... Worth spending the day at
We were headed to the Koret playground, but were reminded that hardly strictly bluegrass was going on...so we were going to to to inner sunset playground, no luck on reasonably near parking so we quickly changed course and found ourselves here. What a gem of a place. What a blessing to go for the first time today. There was a cultural event on going so that brought a lot of people and small children to the playground. My son loves all the action and had a great time on the big kid stuff as well as the age appropriate little guy stuff. The playground is well done. Plenty of room between pieces of equipment, that terrific spongy tumble proof turf, and enough overall equipment to keep a lot of kids engaged at the same time without overwhelming one apparatus. I can definitely see us climb back again. We lucked out on the weather today thus is probably normally a jacket on park being Oceanside of the city...put today was amazing in shorts and shortsleeves.
Spent most of my young adult here. Playing in the swings to basketball to baseball. This place has seen major changes for the good in the last couple years. Before even being a man, I would not want to use their public restroom, image what the women's might look like.
The face-lift on my old stomping grounds gets an A+Weekday early afternoons: a few young toddlers & moms/nannies running about...nice and calm.This park is literally surrounded by schools (high school, middle school, & elementary school...and I think even a daycare?), so once the school bell rings, this quiet playground turns into a bustling outdoor "childcare".In addition, the park & rec and new Ortega Library make this location a perfect family hub in the Outer Sunset.Large Grass baseball/soccer fields (*currently upper field is off limits to take care of the field) 2 tennis courts1 tennis practice wall1 volleyball court (no net)1 full court basketballNew play structures/areasParking: Small parking lot along Ortega, but prob reserved for the middle school during the day, but open to the public at other times. Free street parking is available in the neighborhood.It's also nice that Polly Anne's & Eggettes is just 1-2 blocks away, too. :)
FROM: GO CITY KIDS gocitykids.parentsconnec…The bi-level playground is next to the Ortega Branch Library and two schools. It sees lots of action but that has more to do with location than any special amenities.The playground equipment is aging, but benches and gracious old trees make it a nice place to gather. A concrete court makes it suitable for scootering and rollerblading. Just behind it are some big playing fields - a softball diamond, two baseball diamonds, and a large soccer field.The Club House is across from the Library.Visit the West Sunset Rec Connect website for a complete schedule of classes.HOW TO GET HERE: Close to Saint Ignatius High School. Cross street is 39th and Pacheco. Muni 29, 48, 71. Upcoming Events:Yoga and Stories Ongoing Each SatYoga for Kids Ongoing Each SatMY REVIEW:Back in my highschool years when I went to Saint Ignatius College Preparatory their loomed behind the school buildings this enormous recreational park. It's really sub-divided into 4 areas... but there are often a lot of kids and parents around. I used to play basketball here sometimes and I wish there were more courts but unfortunately there's only one area. I also liked playing here in the late afternoons on the weekends when it was quiet and the sun was about to set. After all it's near the ocean so you're in a cool area. If you don't drive it's really accessible through MUNI and this park really does serve the Outer Sunset neighborhood.
They have 3 natural grass baseball fields along with 2 tennis courts and 1 basketball court. The play structures are kinda old and need to be replaced soon. Since this place is right next a middle school, this place is often crowded so good luck finding an empty court. Id prob go here more for the use of the field than the courts since those are usually free. Go to south or Lowell to play tennis or basketball.
It's probably not fair to give this playground two stars, but I'm not sure what to rate it.  It's not easy to find out which playgrounds are closed for renovation and which aren't -- the San Francisco Park & Rec website has not been updated for a while and it's not easy to get phone calls returned when you call them.  According to the last update on the website, the renovation of this area was supposed to have been completed last month, but when I visited with my daughter this afternoon, it was still a busy job site with bulldozers and lots of hard hats and churned up dirt.  Nowhere to play yet.  I hope it earns five stars when it re-opens; I will review it again then.
This park was just re-built and it is beautiful. The play structures are large and can accommodate many children. There is a separate area for smaller children, and a courtyard with trees and seating. I was excited to visit this playground with my older son (8) and toddler. While approaching, I noticed how crowded this playground is. We were in the area for younger children - which was flooded with middle school students - and my youngest son (age 2) was knocked down by two teenagers. Within the next 5 minutes, a little boy was knocked off some bouncey seats by another teenager who jumped onto it without paying attention. I went to talk to a young man who was in the Park and Rec building. He informed me that these are all students from the middle school, and then tried to tell me the best times of day to bring my toddler to a playground. Seriously? There were middle school students on ALL of the baby swings. If you visit this playground, be mindful of what you may be walking in to, and also pay attention to when school lets out.
Just reopened. Newest playground in the City - Incredible, three play areas for all ages of kids, 2 tennis courts, basketball, rec center, baseball and soccer fields. It partnered with a new library and includes a garden and open space for tai chi.  This is a perfect example of what happens when neighborhood families get together to make a positive change for their children.
