BBQ.My city friends and family love bbq'ing here. Especially during warm days, during SeaFair, or if my CR clique is hosting a run. Besides the very few places to BBQ In GG Park, this place is best. Come early or you're screwed. Expected hot days to be ridiculous to get a table, my friends would come at 6am to get a table. ITS THAT SERIOUS.1. Apparently any party (or according to them "organized event") over 50 people requires a permit or some kind of fee to the park. We can't help it if we are popular. Lol 2. No selling items (candies, tshirts, etc). Better slang from your trunk. Lol - being sarcastic. 3. No using their property to hang banners. Id like to challenge the park and say what if the banner said happy birthday.... What would be the difference?
This is a really beautiful park, I had me birthday BBQ here on a Saturday in October. Got here at 7.30am and one grill was already taken. All others were gone by 8.30am ish. But even if the grill was gone you could take a table and rent a grill, it's worth it for the views!
San Francisco has many lovely picnic spots in various lovely places with variegated lovely views.  In short, I am extremely fortunate to live in such a lovely city.But I get spoiled because I don't spend enough time at these lovely places, and when I do, I'm not usually impressed right away.  So the West Bluff Picnic Area would deserve four-and-a-half stars if it weren't in San Francisco, but it's in our lovely city, so I'm dinging it because it's way too hard to get to without a car.  Yes, you can walk from Crissy Field, but the most direct bus route on paper seems to be from the Golden Gate Bridge parking lot, but have you tried walking that?  There's no rhyme or reason to the sidewalks; you'll have to brave treacherous inclines and poky non-native ice plant, and even then you might see where you're going but not know how to get there.So I drove.  And guess what?  The parking lot's tiny.  I know, I know.  So I parked way over by the businesses behind Crissy Field, and then I ended up walking almost as far as I would have if I had taken the bus to the foot of the Golden Gate Bridge.  The parking lot is also too narrow and an insurance company's nightmare--everyone's always backing into everyone else, and people are idiots and sit there idling without realizing that people can't back out of spots when the cars waiting to fill those spots are blocking the backer-outers' egress.The picnic tables themselves are fine.  And there's grass.  And yes, lovely views.I won't pretend I didn't enjoy myself, because I really did.  But I also had to watch the clock because my meter was running, and I had a half-mile or so to walk to feed the meter or re-park.If you're a kid or an adult who has people carting you around because you're just like that, here's what you'll think:  Lovely!
So lovely for a picnic.There are plenty of large picnic tables (can fit about 8 people), with the most beautiful view of the bridge and water. I think there are even bbq pits, if you want to grill. On a perfect sunny Saturday, there was still a table free for us around 2! We brought the bubbly, and there was no problem; it's a pretty open and free spot. After your picnic, you can walk along the promenade, and dip your feet in the water and sand. There are tons of cute dogs along the way, and everyone is very friendly - it's so beautiful there that everyone must be in a good mood. :)The only downside is the bathroom access, oftentimes there can be a long line. (But you can sneak into the House of Air down the street, or if you already bounced that day, freely go back in!)
West Bluffs Picnic Area in the Presidio has become one of our favorite spots to hang out on a beautiful day in the city! Located near historic Fort Point at Crissy Field, it offers magnificent views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the Marin Headlands, and Angel Island. Picnic sites are first come-first served and come equipped with barbecue pits and picnic tables. Restrooms are also located nearby making visiting with kids very easy! Whether you bring a picnic or buy lunch at the Warming Hut, relax and enjoy yourself while the kids fly kites nearby or play in the water near the shore. This a great spot to watch a flotilla of vessels from sailboats to freighters go by. Word of warning: This place can get pretty crowded on a beautiful sunny day so go early, especially if you want a table.
Amazing view on a clear, sunny day. Absolutely stunning and beautiful, the view will literally take your breath away and remind you of how you live in such a beautiful sunny. Grab a couple burritos and krispy kreme with friends and sit and enjoy the view, then you have a well spent day away from your busy life. Just sit, relax, and enjoy the view.
Beautiful place to visit or take a stroll after an early dinner.  Bring a jacket, it can get a little chilly.
