Gem of a playground that is not to be missed! Separate play areas for little and big kids, climbing wall and 4 separate slide areas! It's part of a complex that includes a clubhouse, rest rooms, a basketball court, tennis and volleyball areas.
The Willy Wong Playground has become near and dear to my heart. Not because we share the same Family Name but because it's a place where boys become men on the basketball court. My friends, as well as other regulars, play basketball weekly at these elevated courts. The court is small but the hoopers lots of skill and the park is well taken care of. The park has a nice playground where kids play after school. The park also has volleyball and tennis courts which are hit and miss with availability. Most importantly, this park is a gem to the community and well used. The city keeps it clean and a great use of tax dollars. I had to knock a star because the court is a little small since it's nestled between 3 buildings.
Totally hidden and often overlooked tennis court tucked within a Chinatown alley. Pros: Because it's tucked away between buildings, you deal with minimal wind. Also, it's not often used so the odds are in your favor except perhaps at lunchtime where folks try to squeeze a quick game in. Cons: The alley is home to some homeless folks so it can smell once in a while. Fly balls often land in the playground next door so try not to hit any of the children playing there. Overall the pros outweigh the cons and more often than not, I've gotten court time here. You even get an audience once in a while from the elderly locals so put on your best game.
Pretty new playground.  Met a family here visiting from the Netherlands. It's across the street from the YMCA.See my photos.
Excellent urban park! Just what we needed while visiting the downtown area! Play equipment for all ages and very unique
This was called Chinese Playground when I was growing up. And it had cool structures made up of massive upright logs of various heights (or they just seemed massive because we were little back then) and tire swings as well as steps. We never spent much time in the upper level where there are tennis and volleyball courts.  Many happy hours were spent climbing up and down the logs.  There's a mural back by the little kids section that shows the playground as it was back then. Today, its like a different playground with its new name and new structures.  There's even a cool rock climbing wall.  The tennis and volleyball courts are still there.  I pop down here with the nieces on occasion.  In fact, the little niece suggested it today after lunch.  They enjoy playing here as much as my siblings and I did all those years ago.
