During a walking tour of the city, I spotted this park while leaving Chinatown heading towards Nob Hill. It provided the perfect place to take a quick rest.After entering through an archway, you'll be at ease by its peaceful beauty. A pagoda gazebo, kids play area, benches, open space - with both young and old enjoying their activities.A recreation building is also available. A terrific place to take a break.
Woh Hei Yuen Park is such a cozy small park within walking distance of San Francisco's Grant Avenue in Chinatown.It has a playground for small children, and it is very clean and peaceful given that its surrounded by so many busy streets. When I was there, there was only one homeless person who happened to be sleeping.There is a decent amount of shade for the seats and tables. Good place for board games too!Park closes between 10PM to 6AM.
Nice, quiet park near my bf's sister's apartment- took the dog out around 11pm and felt safe. Park looks well taken care of, and attempts to improve appear to be underway.Features include both paved and grassy space, gazebo-looking structure, water fountain, bridge (but no water or troll underneath, I checked!), and a small kids playground with equipment to the back.Much busier during the day, can find a variety of people doing tai chi and/or various hip hop dances. Unexpected cute and quiet green spot in the city!
This is a very nice small park. There's a jungle gym in the back with a long (but low) bouldering wall for kids. Ample picnic tables and benches and wide open paved areas. A few elderly locals and kids and a young couple scattered about while I was here on a Saturday afternoon.
As a child, my grandmother and I would visit the nearby Chinatown Branch Library and have dim sum on Powell Street. My grandmother would always point at the space (former site of the Cathay Mortuary) and tell me that it's haunted because of it's site usage. In the early 1990s, I saw the park being built and thought it was rather strange that they would build a public space on the site of a former cemetery. Then again, one of the oldest cemeteries are within steps of America's Wall Street. For more information about the historical aspect of this park, check out sfnpc.org/park-informati…. As an adult, I often walk pass this park and there is a quiet and quaint feeling to it. I do not feel bothered its former usage. Perhaps, the deceased are even the guardians of the serenity behind this park, an open space so needed in densely populated Chinatown. It's a good place for reflection and rather "peaceful" as its name suggests.
I used to always go here as a child, especially after I finish volunteering in the library.
this park is pretty small compared to the other parks in chinatown, but this park is very clean & nice compared to the other parks in chinatown. this park used to be a cemetary a long time ago, but i don't find this place is scary or haunted or anything like that. they have a bathroom inside the building, but it is rarely open. even though this is a PUBLIC park, i got kicked out of here a couple of times from a guy who worked there. i didn't understand why i was being kicked out, even though i was just sitting on the bench & not causing any trouble or anything. & there is a lot of other people who hangs around there too, but didn't got kicked out. the worker told me i was being kicked out because i was older than 13 years old. i was like wtf?! there's grannies & grandpas (not in a mean way) always chilling inside the park, im pretty sure they are older than 13 years old too (without having any kids with them). overall, i really adore this park a lot(:
Mini, but I like it. There's a place to play ping pong inside too, or at least used to be. There's bushes to play hide and seek too!
I heard this used to be a cemetary but who cares .. I'm sure everybody has died somewhere on this planet , right ? I like this playground .. it''s very clean and there's a nice , fun play structure . This place is wonderful .. I used to love coming here as a kid . It's also a very nice , quiet place to just sit and chill , play cards , or play chess .
