Beautiful garden at the center of the big city! Whenever I have the conferences at Moscone Center, I visit here and take a short break. The grasses are well managed and very beautiful. The sound from the fountain makes me relieved from the busyness of daily life. I highly recommend you to grab some coffee and just sit down on a bench, or bring some sandwiches or anything with you and have lunch here on a sunny day. You can get almost anything at the and theater just next to this park.San Francisco is a huge city but you could be relieved from it, and I believe this place will make your day happy.
This is a great park!   It is part of the convention center/Metreon complex.  it really is nice, it has water features, lawns, concerts and great views,  there are several levels and you never know whats around the corner.  I've been many times,  last visit i was re-routed for a concert and came around the corner to some beautiful red flowers...the free concert had good music also!On nice days there are people enjoying the weather, eating food from Matron...  Its a great escape in a paved over part of town.  Tip, the old church and MoMa are great views.
Large green park in the financial district. A surprising number of homeless people, which is always wonderful to see. A great spot of greenery in the middle of the concrete jungle.Surrounded by office buildings, a huge shopping mall and the Museum of Modern Art (which is temporarily closed), there is a huge fountain and lots of benches. Great for a lunch break!
Came to Yerba Buena on one of my final days at San Francisco. It's a small piece of greenery in the middle of a large city for people to be exposed to a bit if greenery and a wide open space for lunch.There are a few benches placed around Yerba Buena and a mini waterfall. It doesn't seem to have an extravagent design, but just plain and simple.It's pretty if you're the type of enjoy simplicity, but in my opinion, the design is a little mediocre and really artificial feeling. For someone who's a fan of nature and studies the environment, this may or may not be a place for you.
Cool place to meet up with friends or a date.  Nice lawn area for a picnic if you work in the fidi. A lot of options for things to do near by, restaurants,  movie theater, and Target.  Really beautiful at night. Perfect for decompressing after work and spinning some poi.
This was a nice park with a good view of San Fran. Strolled through here while at RSA and passed by this place to the Yerba Buena Art Museum. It's a really nice place to sit, have a picnic, or a good conversation.
Beautiful garden tucked away behind the Metreon. A friend and I was exploring San Francisco and accidentally stumbled upon this gem when we decided to drink our bubble tea in the dining terrace in the back.We first sensed the presence of this garden from the sound of water crashing onto the rocks from the waterfall. This waterfall was inspired by Martin Luther King, Jr. with his quotes on the walls. You can literally go inside the waterfall by following the path behind it.Another option was to go up. Yes, there's a second floor! As you stroll up, there was a fainter waterfall that dripped on the walls. The median was beautifully decorated with pink-purpleish flowers.At the top of the floor, you were first greeted by a quiet fountain that was the source of the water dripping below. You can see birds relaxing in the shallow water with the background of a beautiful church squeezed between elephantine skyscrapers that towered over it.My friend and I had a mini photoshoot here and I would say that it was a success. This garden was definitely beautiful and I would love to come back here and show my friends. I now wonder how this looked like during nighttime...
This was a nice place to visit, and it's really great that there's this sort of beautiful, natural haven nestled inside of SF. I can see why a lot of people might enjoy having their lunches out here on a nice day. I'd been walking around the SoMa area for several hours, so it was pretty nice to come to a quiet place and walk under the waterfall, as well as just sit still on the benches and relax. I kind of wish I'd come by when the Art Forum next to it was open, but I guess this means I should visit again at some point! :)If needed, there's also free wifi and seating available in the forum next to the park, so that's nice too.
This little oasis of green space, whimsical stone architecture, and sculpture installations is a welcome respite from the harsh grind and squalor of San Francisco's financial district.  To wit, I had just found my way here after navigating crowded rush hour streets from the Powell BART stop, which is littered with homeless, disheveled, and forlorn human beings seeking warmth in the San Francisco chill.  I passed pathetic beggars at street corners who were being avoided by steel-faced, well-heeled financial and tech millioners making their way home from the sky scrapers.  The whole surreal tableau of American capitalism (or shall we just call it capitalistic feudalism) is disheartening.Welcome, then, to the genteel atmosphere of the Yerba Buena Gardens, where those uncomfortable truths are suspended in the designed green space.  Transport yourself to calm tranquility in the meditative sound of rushing water from fountains. Check out the memorial dedicated to Martin Luther King.This space is removed from the street through stairs, elevation, and sculptures which bound the street edges. So, remember not to just walk by, but take the time to walk inside the park and settle down for a break!It's a lovely space made more seductive at night through the use of spot lighting, distance from the crowds, and the mega backdrop of the walls of sky scrapers humming with business.  The chess tables and picnic stops are well used. If I worked here, I would be hurrying down for a breath of fresh air! The church at one end of the square park makes the place seem friendlier and more human-scale.  You should also check out the Samovar Tea House on the upper terrace for a luxurious snack and drinks.
A place to get away from the concrete jungle.The first block between Howard and Mission Streets was first opened in 1993. The 2nd block between Howard and Folsom Streets was opened in 1998. The first block is just outside Metreon, and there's a large grassy area in the middle and a stage for events like the Filipino American Arts Exposition (or Pistahan) held every year. There's always a Filipino event every year, but I tend to favor this one because it's held here. Also, my cousin was the MC for the inaugural FAAE event a while back ago. I don't attend every year, but I do like going here because it's so convenient. The 2nd block is where they have the Children's Creativity Museum (ZEUM), an ice skating rink, bowling alley and a restored 1905 carousel that was originally from Playland-at-the-Beach in Sunset Beach. There are plenty of things to do and things to watch. Best part of all, you don't have to spend a dime to enjoy the place. Also on the first block is the where they have the waterfall dedicated to Martin Luther King Jr. St. Patrick Church and the Jewish Contemporary Museum is directly to the north and SOMA is to the east. There's not a single bad view from here and it is designed suitably as it uses its surroundings as the perfect backdrop. This is also a photographers' playground as every angle can be framed so beautifully. Since I work a couple of blocks from the area, I often go here to clear my mind, relax, unwind, de-stress or simply just to get away from everything and collect myself. It has a calming effect and I've used it to meditate on plenty of occasions. Recently, I came here on an early morning and watched a group of Chinese senior citizens conducting Tai Chi. I wanted so badly to join them, but I just ended up watching them and enjoying their movements. Watching them made me relax and lowered my blood pressure a bit. There are definitely plenty of benefits coming here, and you might discover something new every time.
As for many others, this is for me an oasis in the middle of the financial district, a corner of peace where to have an impromptu picnic with colleagues, or just a place to go and hear some live music (concerts abound). Is so close to everything and the view of the catholic church is lovely. Just being there, smelling the grass while looking at the clouds is an enough reason to love Yerba Buena Gardens.
~*~Entertaining Area.  Tourist Central.  Festivals during the holidays.  Carousel included~*~I mostly come here because there is a Samovar tea house over looking downtown.Lots of space, great for dogs.  Skating rinkCarouselMovie TheaterPool HallMemorialI missed stuff I'm sure.Right next to/on top of Moscone Center.Highly recommend.
It's really nice to work so close to such a nice park.  I like to take my lunch here and eat.  In the summer, they have free concerts, which is nice.  There are plenty of places to sit and on any given day you will see kids playing on the grass, people doing yoga, or people eating on a blanket.  I've noticed security here is pretty on top of it and make sure to keep the homeless or suspicious looking people away.  It is also well maintained too.  Great little oasis amidst the high rises and chaos of the area.
I came across this hidden gem in the middle of SF while waiting for a table at Tropisueno, nearby. What caught my attention was the mini waterfall and architecture. It is a nice place to walk around and get so fresh air if you work nearby. This place also offers a cool view of a part of SF's skyline. There's an upstair part of this garden, too so just walk around and explore!
I found this place based on the positive reviews from other Yelpers who have frequented this place.This place is beautiful amid the chaos of the Financial District. It's such a stark contrast: you have tall buildings with hurrying people on cell phones and then you walk into this park area and all you can see and hear is the roaring sounds of a waterfall. It was beautiful and somehow poetic.I love the words that lay behind the waterfall and it's worth ten to fifteen minutes of your time to read and grasp the meaning of them. I love the history it tells and the strength of man to rise and stand for something. Besides the waterfall, there is an open field for individuals to sit and relax from the hustle and bustle of life to just enjoy the moment. It's worth checking this one out.
I love this park. It's located near my office which makes it the perfect place to have lunch on a beautiful day with co-workers. You can brown bag it or stop by the number of places nearby for some eats. Find your favorite patch of grass and chow down. Make sure to dispose of all your trash when you're done please.
I'm happy to have found this place on Yelp and then saw it on a map and happily came here for a break from the crowded streets.  It's very easy to get to just off Market Street and also right beside Target.  The greenery in a busy downtown is perfect to relax and enjoy the grass or many seating areas.  I like that they pathways weren't crowded on a weekday afternoon and there seemed to be a mix of tourists and locals, and old and young.  I came across the bowling alley and skating rink which I thought was pretty cool to have near the park.The seating near the waterfalls is lovely to enjoy if the pigeons don't crowd you looking for a snack.  There's a tea place and restaurant that offers outdoor seating by the top of the falls and perfect relaxation spots.
Great place to hang out and chill. Kids tend to be in the area. Benches to sit on. Usually up kept very well so you don't wonder if you're sitting on a mysterious spot. Also there are random outlets in some of the benches.
It's a little oasis in the middle of a city. It's very small, but unique. I love the architectural elements, the fountain, and the look of the surrounding high rises. It casts a nice reflection on the park in the late afternoon. There is a nice grassy area where you can spread a small blanket and have a picnic. I've been here just to relax or hear a concert. When it's nice outside, this place is PACKED. It's conveniently located to all the attractions on Market Street.
One of the reasons I love the bay and San Francisco so much is that there are so many beautiful parks and things to do outdoors. And the air just seems so much more clean and fresh there. My little brother took us here just to rest our feet before moving onto other things during our visit to the bay. Unfortunately when we were there, many buildings and attractions were closed (it was late when we went) but I could see someone easily spending a few hours here. The park is located amongst popular shopping centers and really big hotels. I'm sure you get all sorts of people in this park and it does scream PDA at some parts. There is a cute little tea shop on top of the waterfall at the park and there is even a view up there so it's definitely worth a visit just to gain some perspective on life and catch up with friends. 4/5
There are few better ways to pass the time than Yebra Buena Gardens in San Francisco. It is on the edge of the Metreon mall and complete with the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial. The edge of it is dominated by the mall, but beyond that is a vast space of pleasant grass, and beyond that is the gardens which extend onto a rooftop. Beautiful nature meets the artificiality of such an urban setting.I have been to Yebra Buena Gardens many times. It has both museums and performing arts.  The garden is gorgeous. The Westfield Mall is closer to the subway, but the Metreon offers a nice seclusion. The Metreon is elegant to little end.Yebra Buena Gardens is a most fine contribution to San Francisco.
What a nice place to spend the lunch time eating outdoors on a sunny day. Lots of greenery, plenty of space, great for people watching, and tons of food/drink options. Samovar just up the stairs is excellent :)
We walked through the park on a sunny day. The sunlight was beaming down, the flowers were bloomed, and everything was lovely. This park is serene and peaceful; especially the water exhibit that brings in a nice cool breeze. I would love to bring a book here and enjoy laying in the grass for an afternoon. You should do that!
Lovely respite of green in the middle of the masses of concrete and steel.  I am only docking a star because of all the fountains-  has someone informed the city that we are in the middle of an epic DROUGHT???  Today, there is a lovely YB Gardens Festival featuring live music.  Perfect spot to enjoy my Mandalay Tea leaf salad from a nearby food truck.  At least 1000 people lounging in  the grass, plenty of shade trees and a wonderful breeze on this sunny cloudless day.  Also lots of wood benches and concrete ledges to perch on.  No lack of seating here.  Very well designed space - handi-accessible sloping walkways, rolling grassy knolls, and a small performance stage that benefits from the acoustics of the concrete surround.  Just steps away from SFMOMA and delicious restaurants and cafes.  Also borders on the Metreon- a giant food court plus AMC theater and Target. A block from Nordstrom and a couple blocks from Union Square and Powell St Bart station.  So convenient!
One of the few nice grassy parks in SF for relaxing and eating.  Features tables with chess boards, a waterfall you can walk under, without getting wet, and many neighboring food vendors.On Thursdays, the Crocker Galleria (2 blocks away, near market & montgomery) has a large farmers market.  The close proximity makes lunching at the gardens with fresh farmers market fruit and veggies as easy as could be.
This is a great park for photographers,  however there are some homeless people and drug addicts staying here. The only reason I gave it such a horrible review is because of the security officials hassling me for "looking too professional" with my tripod and camera. I take photos as a hobby, it isn't as if I'm selling the photos and I told them that, and they still hassled me and told me to fold up my tripod while some guy (who passed me like 2 minutes before) went behind the artificial waterfall was obviously smoking pot (I saw a blunt in his hand and smelled marijuana) and the security person didn't do anything at all. Didn't even go talk to him. If you security people is more concerned in getting a harmless photographer out of the park than the drug addicts then there is a big issue here.
In a city with one of the lowest percentages of green space, Yerba Buena Gardens is a breath of fresh air. At lunchtime, it's super convenient to get take out from some restaurant in the Metreon (right next door), and enjoy it on the enormous lawn with your friends. Some parts are shaded and others are sunny, so everyone's happy! Or maybe you're crunching through a hard problem at work. Try taking a walk through the MLK Jr. memorial's waterfalls. Feel the need to read some inspirational stories? Do the same thing, except this time, slow down to read the plaques on the wall. Upstairs, a pool of tranquil water feeds the waterfalls. Birds like to splash around in the water. Watching them is calming, and it's kind of funny when they don't watch where they're going and get hit by a stream of water.
Absolutely gorgeous. I always forget that I'm in San Francisco whenever I'm chilling at Yerba Buena Gardens. This hub attracts such a variety of people. There are plenty of places to sit, read, chat, whatever you fancy. Everything is so colorful and cultural and it's especially beautiful on sunny San Francisco days. Even when it's packed, it's still super relaxing because I think most people come here to get away from the rush of the city. It's so peaceful.
I cannot believe it has taken me this long to find this oasis.  Everywhere you turn there are people relaxing and something interesting to see.  What first caught my eye was the waterfall in the central circle; it was fascinating to walk behind, and was decorated with quotes of famous leaders of the civil rights movement.  On the opposite side is an aged cathedral bordered by modern high-rises, as well as the Meteron shopping mall, complete with numerous dining options and an AMC theater.  In the center was a little plaza, probably used for performances.  The park was very green and even though it's December there were still some beautiful flowers.  Great place to escape the bustle of Union Square and the shopping district.  I plan on visiting again.
It's an eclectic park. You can find the old and new within its vicinity , also the people chilling at the park, from high society to average and not so privileged . It's a safe park very open and lots of restaurant and appertifs place just walking distance .
Come and escape life for a minute, rather if your on your Lunch break or just passing through. The park is so beautiful and peaceful on the right kind of day you sometimes forget your in downtown San Francisco. Great for all types of people.
My latest passion is walking and nothing is better than a walk in the park.  This park combines another of my passions, I absolutely love flowers and this park had a couple nice beds.  Also beautiful were the park's fountains and mural.  Wonderful place to relax.
I really like this place. This is the first place to go when I visit San Francisco. Enjoy the afternoon and take a rest. There's safe and peaceful.
Love this place. I take my dog here almost everyday.  Its so beautiful. They keep it clean so you dont have to worry about you or your dog stepping on a needle or something. They have an awesome grass area were you can chill and enjoy the waterfall and fountain. Love it here. I would recommend anyone to check it out.
I'm very fortunate to have worked across the street from this serenity.  On the days I'm stressed I would take my food out to the gardens and have a mini picnic.  It's a nice getaway from all of the people, traffic, and noise.  Best of all, there's live bands that play often so it's very relaxing.If you're there, stop and check out the statues and art.  They are very unique and amazing.  Public restrooms are provided.
After working and living in SoMa for a few months, the Yerba Buena gardens is a nice afternoon escape during a busy work day and is easy on the eyes with its burst of green in a city full of buildings. On a good sunny day, grab a nearby burger from Super Duper and chill out on the lawn! The fountains are also really nice and if you go upstairs you get a nice relaxing view of the skyline.
Killer park right in the middle of the city - has a waterfall and everything. Great place to chill outside or catch a drop-in at the ice rink
Such a BEAUTIFUL place. Loving taking my dog there, it's just such a gorgeous, peaceful place. You're surrounded by happy people and beautiful scenery. They have chess boards which I think is awesome, I enjoy passing by the chess players. Everyone there is always in good spirits. Recommended!
Fabulous play circle/playground for my toddler. It's clean, fun and nice families play there.
It's awesome to have such a clean and well-kept park in the city! During weekdays people come here to relax and grab lunch, and on weekends it's a great venue for events. Thank you Yerba Buena Garden! You are an oasis in this city!
After all the hustle and bustle enjoy a peaceful stroll around Yerba Buena Park...Good for the Soul anytime of the day :)
A welcomed oasis within this fast-paced city...Recognized as America's top 30 best urban park... A perfect place to play, dine, shop or just relax. We stumbled upon this park and decided to 'stop-smell-the-roses'...Gorgeous, cool weather summoned others as well... I was astonished by the moving sculpture Urge... I was tricked into believing he moves to his own accord!  (Shhh...there's a bench that faces the globe which activates when a person of at least 100 lbs sits or stands)The elements of physical mirroring and mutual gazing between the Urge figure and its observer create a peculiar bond.  Very cool! Within walking distance to the Moscone Center, Contemporary Jewish Museum, Children's Creativity Museum, Garden Festivals...just to name a few.A-must visit if you're in the area.
Nice place to get fresh air and run around some grass. Beware though....plenty of pot smokers everywhere.
WOW!! (insert draw-dropping-I can't believe my eyes-are my eyes deceiving me-expression or look here).Who would have thought in the middle of the metropolis that is San Francisco, that such a tranquil place of beauty could come to exist??!!  And yet....it truly does.Welcome to Yerba Buena Gardens.Yerba Buena Gardens is conveniently located across the street from the SF MOMA, and adjacent to the newly renovated Metreon.My first impression of Yerba Buena Gardens was that it was just such a beautiful, beautiful place.  And a peaceful looking one as well.  There is a walkway that will take visitors across the rim of the park past trees, flowers, as well the MLK water monument and other water features.  The main grassy area, or esplanade, is spacious and welcoming, and it is not uncommon to find groups of people talking amongst themselves, others reading a book, or basking in the sunlight.  People watchers will no doubt observe others having their lunch, individuals having a quiet moment to themselves, and families enjoying quality time together.Residents and visitors will certainly enjoy this retreat from the hustle and bustle of the city.Bottom Line:  Gorgeous scenery.  Peaceful setting.  Surely I will be back.
You'll find me here for Alonzo King Ballets, totally a fan of the venue and performance.
I've spent much time here over the years. Whether it's to just sit out in nature, people watch, an event, or even drunk wandering (read my SFMOMA review if you want to know more about that). A small carved out niche of SOMA that strangely separates you from the bustle of Mission and 3rd streets (see those during a rush hour!). One of my favorite views of the city are from upstairs looking over the MOMA or at the Cathedral across Mission. It certainly a spot for serenity
I was excited to walk to this area and get tea from one of the tea shops and hang out at this Park area.Upon arrival I thought "man, this place is packed busy!" walked around and realized everyone there lounging on the grass and bencheswere homeless :( spoiled my afternoon :( sad but also there was no place to just hang out as a girl with her tea
Beautiful park to lay down on the grass and stare at the sky. It's a bit hidden between buildings, but I think that adds to the beauty of it. There's a small waterfall and a cute little resturant on the higher level with a nice view.
I love this park because it's smack-dab in the middle of everything, and all the people there seem to actively enjoy being there. Who has time to drive out to the netherworlds of GG Park?
This place is just as gorgeous in person as it is in pictures. It's a perfect place to relax and soak up the sun. I've read that this venue often features lunchtime concerts and other performances, but I wasn't lucky enough to catch any such entertainment during my visit.Perhaps the most striking feature of the gardens is the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial, which features a waterfall and a walkway inscribed with Dr. King's quotes and excerpts from his speeches.  Without a doubt, Yerba Buena Gardens is the perfect destination for a tranquil afternoon.
Yerba Buena Gardens is an integral part of the financial district. It's an area where children can play.It's an area where people can take mid-day naps.It's an area where bands perform.It's an area where co-workers come to meet for afternoon meals.It's an area where couples can relax in each others' embraces on the well manicured lawns.It's an area where people go for that much needed Vitamin D fix.It's an area where people hula-hoop.It's an area where people flash-mob.It's an area where people dance.It's an area where people meditate.Yerba Buena Gardens is a blessing in this fast paced world.It's a reminder to slow down, to play, and to just be.Trust.
I dig walking through this lovely park. It's quite the respite from the financial district and probably one of the best places to stretch out, have a picnic, rest, breath a bit, enjoy the sunshine, etc in SoMa. I've sat many times here and had lunch and the walk through the park afterwards is always nice. It gives you a chance to get lost in the green space, waterfall, pretty stonework. Great spot. Enjoy it.
My favorite spot in San Francisco!! Beautiful objects are hidden here and there -EVERYWHERE! Yerba Buena is so beautiful, yet not at all intimidating.
Surrounded by the convention center, hotels, and businesses in SOMA, the Yerba Buena Gardens offers a great place to relax and enjoy some greenery. There's always people enjoying the sun, reading, or eating lunch. There's an an attached food court (in the Metreon), if you want to pick some take away lunch for yourself, or the excellent Samovar tea lounge up on the balcony. It can be busy at times, but the grassy area is big enough that you can always find a spot. There's also some public art scattered throughout (I love the running businessman), a memorial to Martin Luther King Jr, and a peaceful waterfall. It's a bit of an oasis.
I love coming here for a little peace and greenery within the city. Conveniently located and close to restaurants and stores. Nice big lawn to stretch out on - I even see people sunbathing here in swimsuits. The noise from the waterfall is also very peaceful to listen to.
One of the best parks in the city. Security and cleaning staff should take more care of the park being clean and walkways not being a camping spot.
This place is so filthy. They are people just sleeping on the ground and there is garbage everywhere, just disgusting. The people working there are also very rude. The fake "security guard" if you can even call him that, does nothing but harass people and make then not want to come there! I know you think you are important cause you are a big guy but you are just an a-hole!! Never go here unless you want to sit in piss and be harassed!
This park is one of the top reasons why I love San Francisco.  I've had some awesome memories in this place:  Eating lunch on the stone chess tables with friends as we listened to a stranger read poetryGrabbing a Beard Papa pastry puff from across the street and nibbling it as I wander through the hedge mazeHaving a lazy Sunday morning drinking Blue Bottle and soaking up sun on the grassPeople watching from the upper terraceHearing some talented musicians perform impromptu concerts in the middle of the lawnSeeing families bring their children here and watching their eyes light up as they get a look at the majestic carouselIf I haven't already conveyed it, let me be clear: I LOVE THIS PLACE.
I love these gardens.  I used to work right next door many moons ago.  I love the scent of the freshly cut grass, the circular stage near the MOMA side of the garden, the assortment of flowers circling every entrance and exit, and of course, the amazing piece de resistance, the waterfall.  It's quite a tranquil place to just sit, reminisce, and reflect on what is important to you.  I happened to visit the garden recently and had the opportunity to ponder such thoughts as I heard the rush of the water splashing behind me in a calming state as the water crashed onto the edges of the MLK fountain.  I made a wish, I wish I'd been longing to make, and I hope, I pray, and I wish that it comes true sooner than later.It's places like the garden where you can just stare at the surrounding area and realize that you're basically hidden in your own little world.  All around you are high rises, beautiful architectural pieces, in the middle of a business hub, but in this one square block, this little piece of greenery, you can settle into your own and let your thoughts escape you.  I've spent many times at these gardens, from festivals, concerts, in passing, and run to the mill errands.  But this recent night, was the best visit of all.  It made me think that life is about the moments you live, not the moments you lost.  A very beautiful, spirited person reminded me that night to just be happy, and my depression suddenly lifted off my shoulders; she was right.  People will always second guess who you are, what you are, the people you love, the people whom you associate with, and everything else.  It doesn't matter as long as you have love.  As long as you're true to yourself. I left the gardens a new man that night.  You should feel free to come here, let your thoughts run wild, and take time to reflect on what's important to you.  Stare into the oculus of the MOMA, gaze into the clear skies, day or night, and marvel at what these gardens truly offer you, a place of peace, serenity, and natural beauty.
YBG is a fresh spot of greenery in a field of office buildings, conventions, traffic and museums. Close to my office and lots of food for a quick lunch or coffee in the sun, and there's a free outdoor performance series in the summer/fall for added entertainment value. I can usually find a spot even on the most crowded days. The enormous MLK memorial fountain does a good job of drowning out street noise to give an aura of calm in the middle of the city. Grass can be damp, though, so I make sure to bring a jacket to sit on.
Love this place. The sound of the water fountain, the tai chi in the morning, the music on occasion, food, mall, tea, view...
PLEASE keep the noise down on Annie Street Alley! People live right next to it and don't want to hear explicit music on high blast during the day when they want to relax at home!!!!!!!!!! This is ridiculous.
I like this place for the nice green grass field, big waterfall and Martin Luther King, Jr. commemoration, peaceful pond up above all flanked by the Metreon on one side, the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on the other side and Samovar Tea and B Restaurant up on top.  A charming place to hang out on a sunny day (ignore the bums).  Love it.
Like Lora M. wrote, "It may not be New York's Central Park," but it's a nice oasis in the middle of the City that provides a little something for everyone: gardens, public art, restaurants and food court, movie theater, ice skating rink and bowling center, carousel, art and technology kids museum, children's playground and interactive play features. YBG is also a block away from other museums like the Contemporary Jewish Museum and the Museum of the African Diaspora. The surrounding buildings house plenty of shopping -- there's even a Target -- and dining.YBG is a public space, so you'll see/meet people from all walks of life. That's the beauty of San Francisco.
Redevelopment.  It happens, for better or worse.  Long-timers miss the old places, newbies don't know that there were once old places here.  Anti-corporate types will gripe and protest, but you might as well accept that it'll happen.  So, ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to a redevelopment success story, Yerba Buena Gardens.I'm not a long-timer.  But I read in one of Herb Caen's writings (on the other hand, if I actually know who Herb Caen is, that *would* make me a long-timer...) how this area was once Skid Row.  Then it all got razed, Skid Row moved to Sixth Street, and the Moscone Center was built.  It's a conference center built entirely underground, with a grand entrance on Howard but not much else.  The Moscone Center now takes up two entire blocks, all underground.  Aesthetically friendly, I suppose, but what do you do with all that open space on top?  The answer, as of the end of the twentieth century:  it was built up to become Yerba Buena Gardens.I worked in the Financial District for several years, and love it.  One reason is that there's no shortage of places to grab your lunch and eat outside.  Still, San Francisco built one of the largest open space areas in this corner of the city, and it's a great add.  A huge lawn area.  Trees on the side near the Metreon.  A fountain monument to MLK.  A restaurant on top and a museum on the side.  A view of old - St. Patrick's Church - and new - the Jukebox Marriott - in the same glance.  And only a block south of Market Street!What about the next block over?  The City decided to make this a family-friendly area.  Tall order in a city where the percentage of the population that is under 18 is probably half of other cities, and the idea of having a family is so Republican to many City dwellers.  But they did it, and now it's a great place to take kids.  The carousel, playground, ice rink, and creativity center make for a good excursion into the Big City if you live in the hinterlands.  Lots of places to eat in the immediate area.  Parking stinks, of course, but the 5th & Mission garage is a block away.So there you have it, redevelopment done good.  Not a tourist destination, but a good place to relax.
Isn't it nice to have a place in San Francisco where you can picnic in the middle of your corporate workday?Isn't it nice to just be in the sun?Isn't it nice to close your eyes and hear the water crashing in the background from the water fountain?Watch out for wet spots in the grass, they'll ruin your day.
This place is so cool. I worked in the financial district for a year and never saw this place. You walk in this park and you are a little awe struck when I walked into this park. My husband and I went for a quick picnic here and it was amazing! (besides the guy feeding the birds and creating a full out bird army attack) We brought a blanket and some lunch and sat there and listened to the water features, watched the kids run and play, and just layed in the sun. The views of the church and all of the buildings just make it so beautiful (I am a true city girl) and it was so nice to be there and relax. There was not too many people there and so much lawn space. Great place to take kids and just relax with some food, drinks, and some good friends.
I accidentally stumbled upon this park while exploring the market/Powell area; and I'm so so glad I did! Super gorgeous landscaping it's a little gem tucked away behind the bigger buildings so the tourists don't really venture here. There's a tea lounge up past the Martin Luther waterfall memorial and a big grassy area where you can find anybody from a couple of moms out roaming with their little ones to a hula hooping lady on a yoga mat. Perfect place to stop and enjoy some chocolates picked up from Chocolatier Blue just around the corner. There's also this dining commons there. Which is half my excitement about the gardens. Great variety of food. Great food. Great seating options.  This is a big lunchtime attraction for the offices around the area so try to go before or after lunch rush. But I definitely suggest taking the time to explore this place! And just behind the tea lounge you'll find a bridge over the street that takes you to the bowling and ice skating area. Perfect photo op overlooking the Moscone Center
If you work downtown this is the perfect place to enjoy your lunch. Plenty of food options next door in the Metreon. The grass is always green!
This is a beautiful spot and an oasis in the middle of urban sprawl. There is a lovely lawn and the waterfall which you can walk behind which is amazing. Only 3 stars because there were lot of riff raff hanging around and smoking tobacco and weed. Ended up leaving quickly to get away.
Yerba Buena Gardens is one of the most relaxing places in the area. It's quite big and easy to forget you're smack dab in the middle of downtown.There is an awesome fountain and a large grassy area that make for a great picnic spot. (I try and have my lunch here at least 2 or 3 times a week because it's so peaceful)One great aspect is that it's either not as heavy with tourists as union square or so big that you don't notice them.
Love it here. Wonderful place to spend a couple of hours. Vast green grass to lay out in, a cool tribute to Martin Luther King Jr., Samovar for your tea desires, and plenty of benches to sit around and enjoy good company. Being around all the abundant waterfall displays is truly something to admire.
It may not be New York's central park but it sure is a park centrally located in our beloved beautiful city of San Francisco!After all the carb we ingested during lunch, we felt very sleepy and tired and thought of dozing off somewhere. I think we both already thought of this place while we were still in the restaurant. It's very close from the restaurant we were at and just walked to here. We fell asleep as we lay on it's green grass enjoying the sun. The nap made us feel better afterwards and continued to enjoy our day in the city.It's a clean park and lots of restaurants nearby!
Yerba Buena Gardens is a tranquil oasis in the midst of the bustling city, a peaceful place to relax over lunch or with cocktails after work or on a break from the nearby Moscone Convention Center. The Gardens house an art complex, and a restaurant and tearoom (see my review for Samovar), as well as a soothing water feature surrounded by benches for lounging in the sun while enjoying the seagulls and ducks taking a dip in the waters. It's such a treat to come here to get away from the noise and hustle of the financial district, and would be a really nice place for a picnic on the verdant lawn. Just watch out for goose poop, mmkay?
One of my favorite spots!  The MLK cave walk is touching and heartening.  It feels great to connect.  San Francisco on a beautiful day is epic.  And Yerba Buena is a great spot between cafes and museums.  Try the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on North side of the square, the museum has phenomenally creative and awestoking exhibits.  Also South West corner of the plaza is the good version on the bakery chain which originates here in SF.  Be aware that the main plaza is not dog friendly and on the weekends they can be tough on it.  Cross Mission street and dogs are allowed.
This is a great park in the city, which is nice to have amongst all the hustle and bustle that the city brings. I love to come here after going to church right across the street at St. Patrick's Cathedral to have a bite to eat, relax, reflect and people watch. Great spot if your alone, with someone, a group of friends or your family.
The scene of one of those moments you just breathe in and appreciate life. While SF may be terribly prone to less than ideal west coast weather, on a gorgeous Friday, the sun came out and lit up the city and Yerba Buena is where people went to soak it all up, me included.Sure, there was PDA galore, some interesting animated stories and dance moves, awkward passed out poses and the like, but there's nothing that compares to the feeling of leisure time. Power down the laptop, fold over the page in that book, turn off the TV and just sit. Sit and observe... whether it's simply 15 minutes or a half day, there's something to be said for being outside and doing absolutely nothing. Thanks YBG for reminding us all of that!
This week I've been walking around this garden for quite a few times because of the ACS conference. It's a very beautiful and relaxing park. I love the waterfall and the cool sculptures in the park. If I live or work around here, this would definitely be a great place for lunch.
Yerba Buena Gardens is the name for two blocks of public parks located between Third and Fourth and Mission and Folsom Streets. A pedestrian bridge over Howard Street connects the two blocks, sitting on top of part of the Moscone Center Convention Center. Yerba Buena of course was the name of the town in the Mexican territory of Alta California that became the city of San Francisco.Until he got too big, my favourite activity was to take the Kid to the big Playground. He would happily spend hours on the slide and other attractions while I comfortably sat off at the side watching him and catching up on my relaxing and reading. We would also go over to the nearby SF MOMA and look around. On the way, we would stop at the MLK Memorial (which is located behind a waterfall) and admire the etched glass excerpts from King's speeches (in multiple sister city languages). But wait there's more!- On the terrace level above the waterfall is the pretty and scenic sister cities garden.- The Zeum, an award winning children's media and technology museum.- A restored 1905 carousel originally located at Playland-at-the-Beach.- The ice skating rink and bowling alley.- The Yerba Buena Center for the Arts and the nearby Contemporary Jewish Museum. Add the SF MOMA and you have a cultural Hat Trick.
It's time to get lost...and, extend a zen moment...to a nice mix of eateries, nature and post-modern facilities...yep, you can find this in SF
