It's always an adventure to walk inside the YBCA. The building itself by Fumihiko Maki is a wonderful place, perfect for the organization's mission. Over the years I have come to expect the unexpected and to be filled with a sense of wonder and delight at YBCA. I cannot say that this is a given  for every single exhibition but nearly so.My favorite exhibition / installation at YBCA was the "Listening Post" created by Mark Hansen and Ben Rubin. I saw it first at the Skirball in Los Angeles and when it arrived in the Bay Area I could not resist an encore. There are several YouTube videos of Listening Post, but none of them captures the atmospheric excitement of the piece. It's just impossible because it was an environment with extraordinary spatial and acoustic properties. Add to that it all took place in a dark room, with only the LED displays illuminating that space. All of these things are impossible to represent with any degree of fidelity on YouTube.The spirit of creative exploration seems to infuse most art that often comes to YBCA. Robotics is one example, and on one occasion in particular it was the work of Alan Rath, who always has an excellent eye for his electronic constructions. If Jean Tinguely were alive today he would be showing his work at YBCA.
A friend and I were passing by, and we noticed a sign saying that their gallery was free today. So we decided to check it out. The front desk explained that the main gallery was closed for installation, but the galleries upstairs were available to be explored. We were asked to check out backpacks in and we were on our merry way upstairs. We were excited because we had never been there before and wanted to see what they had to offer. The curator upstairs approaches us, and begins to explain the display we were looking at, we even explained that we had no idea what it was about but we were excited to learn about it. She spoke for a little bit more, and then suddenly stops mid-sentence and says "you're not even listening, maybe you're better off exploring on your own and reading the descriptions yourselves", and before we could say anything she walks away from us. How unbelievably rude. We decided to leave after that; we went back to the front desk downstairs to claim our bags, and we shared what had just happened. And from above, we see the curator shooting dirty looks at us. The only redeeming thing was that the receptionist at the front desk was friendly, funny, and overall pleasant; she was awesome, she even apologized for the curator upstairs "... I'm sorry for that, maybe she's having a bad day". Unfortunately, more than likely we're never coming back after that experience.
It was a rainy day after finishing up the Jewish museum and was told this was a great museum as well. Honestly, I didn't think too much of it. I haven't seen this place at it's best but there was only two small exhibits (one was a video streaming political news bits) and another one on the gold rush. They were interactive and couldn't take good photos. Best thing was that ticket was free. I would have felt more ripped off if I had to pay cause there was so little. There's an exhibit set to open a week after I left and the lower floor is being renovated. I've heard great things about the museum so I'm sure there were at times much more. A real pity I didn't get the chance to see much more, I wouldn't have minded paying a nominal fee to see some great exhibits. Maybe another time is better to see Yerba Buena, not now!
Check online before you arrive to see what exhibits are showing. Some will speak to you more than others, so just keep that in mind. They host free admissions on Tuesday, and also have discounts, so that is a nice perk for visiting. With my experience, I would say that art exhibits are what you make of it. Take time to try and let it speak to you and move you. There is something you can learn or discover within every exhibit.
I never felt that I was quite cool or hip enough for SF and Yerba Buena is the epitome of all that is cool and hip.And the perfect destination for an art seeker on a Thursday afternoon after a few exhausting days of conferencing. From my understanding, there are no permanent exhibitions here, which meant the spirit of change is part of the atmosphere at all times. Thursday nights at Yerba Buena is free and the exhibition at the time was Radical Presence, featuring some of the most thought provoking media forms and subjects which makes you ponder about the artists' thoughts, your own reactions to it, and other subconscious relationships and feelings you have about them. Unique and thought provoking, the essence of art.
YBCA houses some pretty weird art concepts. It freaked me out a little because I'm not used to seeing such abstract things, but it's definitely somewhere I would take out of town guests if they wanted to check out a local museum. There is so much to see in all the rooms and on all the floors. You can spend a good hour or two here. Some other things to note... ladies need to check in their purses at the front desk, and YBCA would be a great space for a special event! I have not yet checked out the theater, but I really want to see a performance here. Like with any museum, I could have coincidentally visited during an awesome season, but I would come back here (probably on a Free Admission First Tuesday) to check out more of the art pieces.
On first Tuesday of each month, they have free admission and thank goodness I didn't pay for this art gallery... Well if you can even call it that... Vancouver art gallery is pretty small but this was far worse.. They had some weird photos of random messy beds framed, a copy of knitted designer purses, and not much else. Don't spend your money here if paying to get in but worth the look on free days just to see..Outside is much Keller than what is inside the glass buildingValue 3/5 only cause it was free otherwise 1/5Atmosphere 3/5Service 2/5Quality 1/59/20
The YBCA is always changing, which is pretty awesome.  I was lucky enough to venutre into their latest exhibit, Dissident Futures, opening weekend and I have to say I was pretty impressed.  The YBCA has commissioned some very well-timed art about what to do with the old Bay Bridge (turn it into a giant hydropnic farming community), future and stem cell regeneration, and strange possibilities for the future.  Even someone with almost zero artistic background could appreciate these exhibits that seem to appeal more to science fiction types without being pretentious (I'm looking at you, Paul Laffoley).Also, they have the most awesome setpiece in their background.  It reminds me of Studio Ghibli meets Little Shop of Horrors.  Swing by and see!
I have to admit that every performance is the best, but that isn't the point! The venues are great places where artists are supported and allowed to really express themselves.  We mostly go for modern dance performances and have not been disappointed yet.
Went after Cartoon Museum on Fri 4/12/13 to kill time.  It's a bigger museum with a bunch of artwork.Showing now: Without Reality There Is No Utopia - I didn't read most of the captions so it was just ok for me.  Lots of work from artist from Spain, Colombia, etc.  We could take photos - no FLASH.  I liked the artwork with the tractor trailer with fake fruit spilling out all around it.  Zhou Xiaohu "The Crowd of Bystanders" - neat handmade ceramic diormas was interesting.Shih Chieh Huang: Synthetic Seduction - Upstairs his artwork is neat.  Lots of homemade gadgets  with lights that air that blow up & show off bright lights that look like sea creatures.  I liked his work.Worth a visit if you really like art I guess or to kill time.
I finally came here for an ODC modern dance ballet performance, and this is a really great venue for the Arts.  We had seats in the Orchestra and the view of the stage was perfect.  Acoustics are good and check in is easy.  They could use a few more restroom stalls as the line gets quite long for the ladies (but what's new, right?).  I will definitely be back for more performances very soon!
I used to frequent the MoMA but because its still in construction, I finally went in here on a free day. Most of the exhibits were still in construction so there were only 2-3 rooms to see. But hey, it was free can't complain. The exhibits were pretty interesting the place feels fairly empty though. Some of the interaction installations were also broken. Would be filling to give it another try when everything is open and paid admission.
Great place to go for a quick dip into the arts.
Yerba Buena Center for the Arts (YBCA). I remember hearing the news about its formation in the late-80s-early-90s. An arts complex with a park, museum, outdoor stage, theatre, fountain and a park where people could relax. I knew of an engaged couple who were getting married at St. Patrick's (across the street, next to the Contemporary Jewish Museum) who were very sure the park would be in existence by the time of their wedding. (NOT!) Next to the YBCA is the Metreon, the home of the new Target store, a City Target as well as Sanraku, Cako, a food court with various eateries, and the AMC Metreon.Here is the 411 on Yerba Buena Center for the Arts:  ybca.org/about/historyI have sauntered through the park to go to SF MOMA, the CJM, Moscone Center, the Metreon, and to various establishments within the proximity. I walked through the fountain dedicated to the late Dr. Martin Luther King; remembered being in awe looking at the photos and the text about him.I have visited the museum a couple of times on free days. The last time I was there, much of the exhibits were dedicated to the local occupy movement and abstract works by various artists. I regret to say I was not too impressed with what was being exhibited at the time. I am overdue for a return revisit. The Lam Research Theater (formerly known as the Novellus Theater) is a state of the art modern theater.  Straight, simple clean lines.  This theater relies on modern computer technology in setting the miss-en-scene (mood, lighting, background) of what ever is needed.I was amongst a group of students who were invited to watch the final dress rehearsal of Opera Parallèle's production of AINADAMAR by the composer Osvaldo Golijov performing this weekend, February 15-17.  It was good fun watching a dress rehearsal and observing the goings-on before the official opening in making sure everything runs smoothly like clockwork.  So the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts has something for everybody here: a park, a museum, a theatre, outdoor theatre, a fountain, and the Metreon. Centrally located within the shopping meccas, the museums, and within the Financial District.Fresh Review #23 of 100 Yelps! for 2013.
This is an amazing art space and event venue. If you're in the area, drop in and check out the exhibits. On a nice day, you should also swing over and have lunch in their garden or just roam the center grounds. I attended a work event here and had a blast - cool facilities.
Neat!
Thanks to my love affair with my DVR I now watch television commercials only twice annually:  Super Bowl Sunday and the British Television Advertising Awards (now called the Arrow Awards) currently screening at YBCA.  The Arrow Awards screening gives me a reason to go to YBCA which, I can't seem to make a priority at any other time of year.  Their programming and installations are international, diverse, and interesting but other than the Arrows, nothing just screams at me as a must see.  I don't know whether this is legit, but each time I've gone to YBCA for a screening I've also been able to walk through the art/installation gallery at no additional expense which makes for a very reasonable deal.  It's a big, airy gallery, with lots of installations and performance spaces (but no permanent collection).  Both times I've been they've featured artists from outside North America (currently featuring artists from India, in multiple disciplines).  Their whole offering is a little different -  a little less "accessible" to the masses and a little more challenging than art at, say MOMA - but that's not to say it's not good or worthy.  It is.    Within the gallery their "docents" take the approach of engaging patrons not by explaining the art but rather by questioning them on what the art says to them, or what they think it's about, which can lead to some interesting dialogue.  If you like (or think you might like) being challenged by art in many different disciplines, pick a film off their calendar then follow up with a wander through the gallery.  The whole experience is somewhat outside the box but it's nothing to fear.
The staff were incredibly unhelpful the last time I was here. Nobody seemed to know anything about the exhibits, let alone what they meant or embodied. The layout felt very disjointed and in the end I felt like I was being snickered at by hipsters with bad haircuts. Lots of really abstract art and video when I was here. The museum itself was pretty nondescript building wise. I much prefer the de Young. If you're interested in coming but aren't sure it's your cup of tea, wait until the first Tuesday of the month, when admission is free. Also, the MoMa is nearby in case you are underwhelmed.
Yerba Buena Center of the Arts really strives to produce innovative, relevant, and accessible shows on the regular.From profound dance performances, to retro 70's video art installations, to thought provoking abstract art - the Yerba Buena Center of the Arts is continually in touch with their audience and seeking to grow and challenge them.If you're looking for something to do on the weekend - it's always well worth seeing what Yerba Buena Center of the Arts has going on. From a series dedicated to dialogue provoking Bay area 70's adult movies to recycled art - Yerba Buena is always utilizing their space in a consistent and creative way.Their exhibit openings are always fun affairs and you can expect a hip stylish diverse crowd, as well as solid music and performances throughout the evening.Yerba Buena Center of the Arts recognizes local and developing art around us and beyond us. I'm thankful I'm so close this establishment and have always enjoyed my encounters with this space.Trust.
Amazing exhibit.. Very relevent to our times.  I would subtitle the main floor exhibit: How a country was sold out from under the People or Collapse of a Super Power (USSR)
Great space with great things to see!
It's a handsome space. Great galleries, good light. The few times I've been here, though, the exhibits were too outre for my taste and sensibilities. Especially the videos which are often performance art. Weird, in my opinion. I know, Art is subjective. I don't live far from this neighborhood and find myself over here on occasion. Perhaps on my next visit, I'll be able to give a higher rating.
Dance! It inspires me and makes me think. This review is for the Novellus Theater at YBCA. OK, maybe I think too much. If I were trained in choreography and semiotics I would have plenty to analyze, because modern dance always says something. And when My Lady and I accepted comps for the Paul Taylor Dance Company on March 30th, I started the evening trying to match all the dance numbers to the descriptions in the program. Forget it. At the first intermission I loosened up with a glass of chardonnay ($8 + tip), and from then on the dance flowed smoothly across my eyes and brain. From the unusual, iconic characters that raised memories of Greek and Roman legends, to hip hop and parodies of various dance styles, to one piece that the lead dancer performed completely en pointe -- because modern dance and ballet are bff's you know -- to the costuming, everything flowed beautifully. We had perfect seats to see it all, in Orchestra Left, but the theater has no bad site lines. Pretty much the cube you see on the outside is the cube you see on the inside, with the exception of there being a full traditional seating arrangement. Yes, there are balconies and boxes. I wanted to post their promo picture of men in black briefs leaping at each other, but it doesn't do the program justice. The dancers are simply fantastic, and watching pure muscle fly effortlessly through the air inspired me to resume my own training program. Visiting companies are performing constantly. See sfperformances.org for details.
YBCA is a wonderful place to visit for both visual and performing arts. The location is right across the street from several other museums such as the MOMA and the Jewish Museum. It's also right next to the Metreon and behind the Moscone Center. It also connects to the Ice Skating Rink and the Carousel. They have several galleries and performance halls. I've been there for theater performances as well as holiday parties. They also have performing and visual arts festivals year round. I once went to a drama-type of festival on the weekend with a friend. The facilities are kept new and clean. Everything is mapped out around a nice court yard area.  Another great SF landmark in the downtown area!
First time here to see The Velveteen Rabbit. Kind staff who gave accessible seats for my dear senior friend. Main crux is that online it doesn't state the entrance is on Howard. Upon walking through the plaza I approached a guard to ask for guidance on which building to enter and seeing I was with a senior citizen, she did not inform us the ramp was around the corner, but instead directed us to "go to the other side." The other side of what? We figured it out, but my friend had to climb stairs, which was difficult. All this could have been avoided if we were given better directions and addressed with compassion.
Yerba Buena Center for the Arts hosted the ballet interpretation of Scheherazade & we were completely impressed w/ the venue & dancers alike Very unique & modern interpretation of the 1001 Arabian Nights story.....started out w/ an opening piece called Dust & this really featured the dancers agility, grace & physiques.....they were so incredibly fit & graceful, & fluid - each muscle group was prominent and defined & this was apparent even to those of us seated in the balcony. Then came more colorful costumes, albeit minimalistic, for Scheherazade - couldn't really tell the actual storyline (although Sis said she could follow) but enjoyed the movements & dancing nonetheless. No set design except for a covering above the troupe that moved up & down which was actually nice as it made the sole focus on the dancing Venue is setup much like a highschool auditorium - really cool, modern foyer w/ high ceilings, open stairways & railings lead you into a plush-ish theater. Views from the balcony were full-on (which is NICE) and seats were okay-comfy. Not a lot of leg room but it was adequate w/out feeling cramped Would totally come back for another artsy-venture & in fact, we are excited to do so!
THIS IS A REVIEW ON YOUR ANNUAL DREAM HOME RAFFLE: OU CLAIM THAT ODDS OF WINNING A PRIZE IS 1:50. NOT TRUE! BOUGHT TOTAL OF 160 TIX (for 4 family members) LAST YEAR FOR SF DREAM HOME RAFFLE - AND NOBODY WON! True that odds are not guarantee... So why claim this 1:50 chance of winning a prize ?!?! THIS IS PLAIN TRICKERY & SCAM! FOR EVERYONE OUT THERE - PLEASE DON'T BE FOOLED! Here is the response from the Raffle director: Yes, statistically that many tickets should translated into at least three prizes to you.  It certainly would if for every 50 tickets, a prize was chosen rather than having all the tickets in the raffle drum and one winner chosen per prize, as we are required to do by the State of California.  In this case, though, it appears that the probability of winning more than one prize didn't lead to that actually happening.  I'm sorry your luck wasn't better for this drawing considering the substantial investment. REGARDING THE DRAWING & AUDITING PROCESS: All ticket stubs are printed by a third party vendor based on a spreadsheet containing all ticket information associated with each purchase (ticket number, name, address, city, state, phone, alternative phone, and email).  Those ticket stubs are printed, bound, and sealed in a box and sent to the organization shortly before each drawing.  The box remains sealed until our auditor arrives on the day of the drawing to conduct the audit of the tickets.  She opens the box, puts the tickets in numerical order, and unbundles them (they come in bundles of 250).  Once the tickets are laid out in order, voided tickets are removed from the group (for tickets that have been paid with insufficient funds such as a bounced check or in the case of a refund after a ticket has been issued).  Then she takes a random sampling of ticket numbers based on the spreadsheet of all ticket purchasers.  She does a reconciliation between the spreadhsheet information and the ticket stub information to make sure they match.  She chooses a statistically relevant sample to ensure that all ticket stubs fairly reflect all ticket purchases.  Once the reconciliation has been conducted and approved she then takes the ticket stubs down to the public location of the drawing (early bird drawings take place in the YBCA Foyer and the grand prize drawing took place in the YBCA Theater building).  She then places the tickets in a transparent, acrylic raffle drum.  She locks the drum, spins the drum, and picks out the winning ticket(s) in front of the public.   After the winning tickets have been chosen and recorded, all tickets from the drawing are placed in storage bags and retained by the charity for 10 years in the event that someone challenges the authenticity of the drawing or the inclusion of their ticket.  UNLESS THIS PROCESS IS RECORDED THEN SHOWN TO THE PUBLIC, THIS PROCESS IS JUST BS !!! BEWARE !!!
I always enjoy the modern dance performances at YBCA.
Last time I visited, the water features were turned off, so I am guessing they are doing some renovation. Still a nice little oasis to stop at in the middle of a downtown trip, but definitely not as nice as when it is operating normally.
This place has some pretty sick parties. It has some well lets just say ultra modern art. It keeps pushing your brain to think differently, like the Frankenstein chairs.It is great that the place makes me think of music, dance and good times or better yet... creating art! Its always a good time!
Love the environment in general. The only issue is the chairs in front of the fountain: some of them need good cleaning works. There are usually a bunch of visitors around and could make newbies a bit overwhelmed about the surroundings. Wish there are more sculpture works out there in the sun shine.
Such a great little museum. Kind of hard to find the entrance if you are a retard, which I clearly was/am.
Went this past weekend for the Dissident Futures Art exhibit.. it was free! Nice space, good exhibit. It's on the smaller side but I think it's fine.
We came here to see Jim Jefferies. Everything was as it should be as we waded through the lobby of two fisted white wine drinking out of plastic cups fellow comedy fans. I do wish venues like these would let you take your drink to your seat but I understand. The layout was terrific and we got some pretty great seating in the balcony where the grumpy old men muppets would sit and heckle. We didn't heckle. Great show and venue for it, although JJ had some words for his disappointment at the end. Apparently they don't support his brand of comedy. You will have to purchase the DVD.
catered private event space really nice place for large grand parties.  I've been here as a guest and catered here several times behind the scene.  This place is huge and can easily fit 800 people.
Ah, the beauty of living in San Francisco - waterfall erected in homage to our most influential leaders, open grassy knolls on which to rest our heads in the middle of the hustle and bustle of downtown, theaters where you can see children put on skits or adults mime...this is YBCA.Tonight I had the pleasure of accompanying a friend to an installation called "Global Lives Project" for which she volunteered as one of the interpreters for Portuguese.  It was opening night, and YBCA did a bang-up job of introducing it to the masses.  The DJ was great, the set-up was cool, and the vibe was young and chillaxin'.  AND, I got to bang on instruments in one of the installations.  That was SUH-weet.Not only that, I ran into a fellow Yelper (Kimberly B - holla!), a guy I used to work with who now works at YBCA, and 3 of the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence.See...the beauty of living in San Francisco.
"Big Idea Night" was full of San Francisco naked charm. It's a night you can be in a competition as a drunk dancer among making Madonna 80s bras, hats, and redesigning your shoes. What a great night to wrap up a day, which one had only 3 hours of sleep the night before.
Great place to see contemporary art and performances. Compared to the more visited neighbor across the street, YBCA has more cutting edge shows that feature artists that aren't the big names (yet?) that get the spotlight at SFMOMA.A shout out to the great membership staff. I joined recently and they were so great to help me out with questions and a request.Verdict: If you like contemporary art, make sure to walk across the street and visit YBCA. Support the smaller art institutions too!
Magnificent exhibit that closed today, "Public Intimacy," with numerous South African artists. Highlight of my visit was meeting Ashley, a gallery guide who is smart, helpful, educated in the arts. I had a thought provoking conversation with her, this young woman who is wise beyond her years. What a perfect place to experience art.
The Yerba Buena Center For the Arts creates a space for learning and entertainment. This weekend I went to see The Living Word Project with Marc Bamuthi Joseph, following by opening night of a new installation of art from India. Both were amazing, but the Living Word Project was particularly amazing. Apparently Yerba Buena has supported development of the piece and I would encourage anyone reading this in time to go see it. It seems as though a veil has been lifted with the cleansing of The Metreon; this area is due for a major rebirth (or acknowledgment).
The first Tuesday of the month is free admission day at YB Center for the Arts.  It also happens to be the only Tuesday of the month that they are open on.  I'd really only go on this day.  While the space is well laid out, the exhibits were tepid at best.  Granted I am not a huge fan of contemporary art.  It made for a good start to a date, but it is not a destination.
'A great venue space for rotating exhibits of both local and far off exhibitions not "in line" for the MOMA down the way. If seen things like the Art of Star Wars to the exhibits of my photography professor who I used to TA for. If you've finished with the more established works across the street, opt for something edgier here
Yerba Buena Center For the Arts is a pretty awesome little spot to work so close to. There's the gardens, there's the party space, there's some tasty dining and drinking options near it and did I mention the party space? :)I went to one of their fundraisers here last weekend and it was a hoot hollerin' good time. Mostly because I was the chick in the dress in front of the stage hootin and hollerin and lusting over the oh so fine ass of one Mos Def. Good lawdy lawd, that man is finer that foine. And I challenge any chica or dude for that matter, not to feel sexy, sexy, sexy in the pants when he is on stage doin' his thang. Besides that it was a lovely gathering of people and each and every time I've been to an event here, i've had a dandy of a fine time. The only reason they lose a point is for the ridiculous performance art (and i use that term lightly) they have going right now with the various people miming in front of the Volkswagen. What the hell is that noise about?
This gallery specializes in modern art. Some of the exhibits were not too great, but there were some memorable ones. The one that sticks out forever in my memory was one that consisted of a butt, peni5, and boobs mounted to a wall. When you walk by, they suddenly start wiggling! Hahahaha ridiculous I tell you! There were also a few really cool paintings. But in my opinion, they could do much better than the selection I saw.
Earlier this year, we had an opportunity to catch Ralph Towner with Paolo Fresu, who were on the SF Jazz Spring Season schedule at the YBCA Forum. A truly sublime, albeit brief performance.The Forum is a rather small room with decent acoustics and seating for around 500. While we were near the center of the room, I doubt there was a bad vantage point in the house. I can't really say we were knocked out by the Forum, but it is definitely a nice place we would return to again for a music performance.
I would like to say that I was very disappointed that we did not get to see the show after paying $65 a ticket, because after driving 1 hour, we had a hard time finding parking and we were about 6 minutes late. We were told we could not have our seats and there was no room for us. We were very disappointed as this was an outing for two people's birthdays. Why would I ever go there again?
Buying tickets online: easy. Forgetting where the show is: easier still.Checking the confirmation email for an address: easy, but lacking in said address.Arriving late as was lost in the gardens: born to do it. Not allowed in while the support act was playing: easy for the usherettes. In fact, I was terrified to want to use the restroom once I was in there, for as far as I knew, I would have to leave, and then not be allowed back in again. I was a little frustrated with the house staff at YB. Although they shushed us outside, when I got in, there was plenty of noise at the back of the auditorium which drowned out the performance at times. Did the temporary bar staff get shushed up? Nope! Did the said house staff stand in front of me and dance to the music? Yup! Did you pay 25 dollars for a ticket? I seem to think you actually were paid to watch this performance, so get out of my way as I had to spend money to not watch you sway ecstatically to the rather poor support act that was playing.The headline act, Juana Molina, was fantastic, and I was over the moon to see her play. But sitting down? Her music is full of beats and rhythm - it felt so stilted. As a venue, I wasn't that impressed, in fact it was just pretty poor.
Before wandering into the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts yesterday, my experience with these guys was limited to my Dream House Raffle ticket. It's a big modern space, and I enjoyed the inviting Lobby, the cool little gift shop, and of course the exhibits. I could definitely see why YBCA makes an excellent venue space and why it should be part of a walkable art museum tour that would also include the CJM and the SF MOMA.
I really love the Yerba Buena area. The garden is beautiful and this center is too! When you step in the lobby, everything looks very clean and modern. I volunteered here for the MLK event/parade, and it got super busy! But I got to know the area better and I was also able to explore the museum. The museum has very...interesting displays. Haha. It's not my type of museum, but it's cool nonetheless!
I don't remember too much about the YBCA party in 2001, cos all my drink tix were used up on lemon drops, and then everybody gave me their leftover tix which i used on more lemon drops. I think I had fun. The r. crumb exhibit, now that was great, and that was probably a couple years ago already, then the Minutemen movie screening...Now it's 3 am after the YBCA Late Nite party of 2009 and it's time to bestow 5 long overdue stars. Nick Cave's art, food from Mission Street Food, the 70's trash movie trailers, the tattoos for a lifetime membership, the awesome drinks, all the bands and the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence.  Yeah...this place is an institution.
This is a pretty interesting museum...It isn't very big, but the things they show are fantastic!!  I recently came through and saw the Nick Cave Sound Suits, and was pleased (and ecstatic!!) to see the small room up front dedicated to the 30 year anniversary of the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgences!!!  *BIG* kudos for that!I've yet to see a performance, but I love their choices in exhibits.  Always innovative and on the cusp of what's relevant.Minus a star for the meanie-pants security guard who was hounding me to "DELETE THE PICTURES" I took when I was actually just looking stuff up on the internet while waiting for the bathroom...  Thanks for assuming I'm a bad person, guy....   Surely I can't be the first person he's seen with an iPhone!
ODC Rocked this last night with their latest repertoire of pieces, including "River", "Grasslands" and their world premier "A Guide To Elegance".  Again, I chose to splurge on orchestra seating as I enjoy watching the facial expressions of the dancers.  But, as I said last time, there isn't a bad seat in the house.And, the best part of last night was discovering the concessions upstairs on the second level.  No wine, but they've got tea, coffee, cookies and candy.  But, don't be mad if they don't let you bring it inside the theatre.  There were 2 dumb asses giving the ushers a hard time complaining about how their tea was going to be cold if they couldn't bring it inside.  How rude.
I love that YBCA is so accessible in the city.  I recently saw a modern dance performance there, and really enjoyed myself.  The theater itself is really small and intimate, and there isn't a bad seat in the house.  The ambiance is just casual enough -- not stuffy at all, which I really like.  I hope to be back to check out more soon.
(This review selectively targets the film curation at the YBCA.)Walk -- don't run -- to see the latest independent films at the YBCA. If you run, you'll only be left to wait in the dark.That's because the theater is run like a catamaran excursion at the wharf: in order to get more folks on board, the captain departs only when the last passenger arrives. So if you're the kind of guy who shows up on time to movies, be prepared to wait five, 10 -- even 15 -- minutes and expect to tell your next appointment that you'll be late. Do I resent having my time wasted so that the maximum number of disorganized stragglers may be accommodated? Not anymore. This time I remembered to bring a pen and paper and have used the time to write this review.But like sights seen from a sailboat on a fine day, the films presented here are beautiful glimpses of important and moving things! And because this city only has Yelp to tell its denizens about worthy art events, most screenings are terribly underattended. Only arts hounds like me who deliberately investigate the YBCA's inscrutable web site even know what's going on. (Seeing Pina Bausch, Rem Koolhaas, the Muppets? That's my idea of a cruise!) So, er, there's no need to arrive on time to guarantee you get a seat.
I can't help but smile as I walk through here.  I love it when they have music and dance performances going on -- it just makes it that much more beautiful.It specializes in modern art and has some great artwork.Hey, it's free, so go and enjoy yourself =P
The Novellus Theater is a great venue for ballet and other types of dance. It is the perfect size so that pretty much every seat is a good seat. I have been here twice, and both performances were great. Will call was easy, the events started pretty much on time, and the acts were great (SMUIN Christmas Ballet) and ODC Dance.New information: you are now allowed to bring beverages into the theater, so no need to chug that coffee before arriving!
awesome venue. I've been here numerous times to see dance performances and for an event they had called the bay area guide to independent fashion. The all day event was so much fun because they had fashion and trunk shows by local designers (I got to walk for an awesome designer hellyn teng/ ht habitus). The YBCA offers so much.. they have dance performances, film screenings, exhibitions and other special programs. It's worth checking out..
YBC is often overlooked when you have MoMa, the De Young, Legion of Honor, Asian Art Museum and the Palace of Fine Arts, but they are proving their mettle by some recent great exhibitions.  I highly recommend that you check out Song Dong's "Dad and Mom, don't worry about us. We are well."Song Dong is one of the most important contemporary artist from China.  His work will go down as part of history.  This exhibit is about his connection with his family and extremely touching.  The Waste Not installation is the highlight of this exhibit and includes all of the personal belongings that his mother had collected over her life.  Definitely check this out.
I went here with a couple of friends to a Wired Magazine party and Range Rover Evoque unveiling last month  This is by far the chicest party I have ever been to.  The place was setup with awesome lighting and music, very modern tables, chairs, and lounge sectionals near the center.  They served a few appetizers and had two open bars with some special holiday drinks with Knob Creek Bourbon.  My favorite desserts here were the assortment of scones and cupcakes.The venue is truly impressive for a party such as this, Wired had set out the latest tech gadgets including the new Samsung Galaxy Tab which was not even officially for sale yet.  So I got to see this highly anticipated device here for the first time.  Other gadgets included a Panasonic 3D TV, B&W headphones, and a handheld 3D Panasonic Camcorder.  Was really glad to make it to an event like this here, and hopefully I'll be able to view an art exhibit here in the future.
I love being that someone mysterious solo person going to watch movies or performances at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts.  Every time I'm in SFO for work, I love checking out the outrageous shows they have here.  From a watching a 'movie' that was practically porn with a room full of strangers to an Asian dance troupe... to me, this establishment screams San Francisco ART.  As a 'tourist' I love it.  So I'm not a total tourist as I don't walk around with a map.... but I don't live here and only come 2x a year for work conferences.be well,carolyn
I came to the YBCA awhile back for Nick Cave's Soundsuits exhibition. I won't lag off into a tangent of his art but the overall exhibition was artfully complicated, ornate and awe-inspiring. The exhibit was definitely one of those exhibitions where you just want to touch the art (everything was made out of fur/ buttons/ cloth).As for YBCA in general-- there is a small fee involved ($7 for adults) but I personally think it's well worth it. I'm used to going to museums for free (yay DC) so when a monetary surrender is made, I can only hope the museum/ art space/ exhibit is justified. YBCA isn't the biggest of art spaces but it manages to pack a punch by offering a wide variety of art, so many art palettes will be satisfied with a trip here. It's conveniently located/ easily accessible via public transportation too so if you're in the neighborhood, you might want to think about making a stop at YBCA.
so tiny! the first floor is currently being renovated. but fun!my preferences lie in the way of whitney (NYC) museum worship. the oddities, the fringe, the modern, the ridiculous. there's a frame-tape-your-walls exhibit. there are some interesting takes on architecture, or the lack thereof. i went on free tuesday (first tuesday of the month). nothing taken, nothing left. like the whitney, no photos allowed.i'm glad this place exists, but again, am surprised at how little it really is.and the ad with the kid and the spaghetti -- YES!
I've always liked this place. Came here the other day to watch a film on photography (I think it was the last of 6th series). Parts of it were interesting and the other parts were a bore (but that's a review for the film and not the actual place itself).
Went to see the Audience as Subject gallery today and am pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it.I think the fee is worth it and though it's small there's some great and interesting things to see there.
In recovery of my liver and my autonomy, I fed my brain today.  I plan on doing this far more often than I have as of late.  Between the cube, the laptop and the partying, I have been feeling a little (okay, a lot) uninspired and dispassionate.Human Rights Watch International Film Festival presented Project Kashmir tonight and it was an excellent documentary. As intended, I was inspired and motivated by the strength and perseverance of these 2 women and the people of Kashmir.  Tomorrow night, I may come back to see the incredible work of Nick Cave.  My brain was starving!! Thank you, YBCA for feeding me today.  p.s. Thanks for being so close to Icebee's too - they fed my ever-growing belly!
I have seen some of the best dance performances of my life here. Perhaps that's not saying too much, as I'm pretty fair-weather modern dance fan, but I do have high-standards technically as well as stylistically. My partner and I have attended a number of dances at $15/head, and lately noticed a rise in price, which is a sever bummer. Hopefully this is just a reflection of the past few shows we've looked into, and not a larger sign of times to come. But, the theater is large enough to accommodate many, but still intimate enough to afford even the cheapest seats (*us*) spectacular views.  I've only seen dance here, so cannot speak to the many other events that have come through, but I've never been let down. The area isn't great at night, so know where you're headed before you set out on foot. But during the day there's a park in the rear of the theater that is lovely to lounge in on a sunny day.
Not such a big deal of a review but I thought I'd throw it in anyway. I went to see a cool flick, 'Favela On Blast', last Saturday with some friends at the theater and it was my first time. The movie was dope! I actually been waiting for it to screen in San Francisco for the longest time and I finally got to see it. Props to Diplo & Leandro HBL for putting together a nice little documentary about Baile Funk.Anywho, we got there a bit early so we got to check out the current exhibit that coincides with the film (one of several that screened for the duration of the exhibit). Entitled, 'When Lives Become Form: Contemporary Brazilian Art, 1960's to the Present', the exhibit featured works by artists of the Tropicalia movement (just like the music) such as: Helio Oiticica, Marepe, Cildo Meireles, Lygia Pape, and my favorites, os gemeos. If you aren't familiar with these names, I suggest you wiki them, that is, if you're interested. At least os gemeos.On with my review. The staff was really nice and helpful. The theater albeit small was nice. Since the movie was about music I wished they cranked the sound up a little more but I guess since there old fogies in the audience (most likely members of YBCA) they didn't want 'em to have heart attacks. Overall a great experience. Hope they continue to provide really good programming like this.
Was difficult to find the entrance and would have like better info. on site about the complete yerba gardens experience.
Love love love this place... Randomly stumbled upon the Zeum Theatre and into Ron Lytle's "Oh My Godmother!" The theatre is small and intimate and although we came last minute, the tickets allowed us to sit anywhere and so we had very good seats in the center. Such a wonderful musical it was as well, talented cast, original songs, great music, had me laughing and enjoying every bit of it.
I went to the Big Idea party here past weekend, and spent a Sunday morning swearing at my phone as friends tried to rouse me from my bed before noon. Assholes...can't they feel when my head is just pounding like crazy?Easily the best part about this place was the people there. I came in wearing a EL wire lit glowing blue top. It attracted no end of attention (as I expected, and have seen in the past when I wear this dud around). The best part was that all of it was from genuinely interesting/awesome people from pretty much every background you could ever guess. The highlight was getting a business card from a sister of perpetual indulgence near the end of the night. I totally feel like a cool kid now :).I was totally bummed that I didn't get a chance to see the upstairs here...it closed pretty early in the night (midnight maybe?), thus making the big idea party a slightly smaller idea party. I loved the concept of the zany ass costumes in the big atrium, and some of the acts on stage were mind bending, and trippy: perfect.However, there were some downers too - honey soundsystem was trying to push way too much juice through the speakers they had available, thus making the music sound bad, and actually painful in your ears. Some of the acts on stage were kind of derivative, and bars featuring only campari and vodka is a questionable idea in my book. Granted, the bartenders worked wonders with only these liquors available.For a free door, I really can't complain too much though. Its an art museum, so of *course* there are going to be some things that don't suit your fancy, right?! I'm intrigued enough to come back again and pay for entry, and we'll see how it stacks up when I'm not glowing on the outside and fuzzy on the inside.
Mr took me to see the grand opening of Dalai Lama Arts last Friday.It was pretty interesting. Coat checks are free (tips pls.) Security are very tight,they won't allow you to take pictures. My fav's and must see Laurie Anderson (clay & visual projector), Yoko Inoue (waterbottle collection), Katarina wong (fingertips arts), Long-Bin Chen (phonebook sculpture) our fav! & El Anatsui (bottlecap collection) and yeah the big inflatable buddha. (had the urge the jump up & down).Stop by the Bio Technique collection on the second floor, it's like a little shop of horrow, quite a sight.
YBCA is the "other" contemporary art museum, plus three performance venues, across the street from SFMOMA.The highlight is the theater, a cube-shaped 750 seat performance space, comfy inside with catwalks and lighting banks for decor.  Black instead of foofy means it's dark during the show.  The design, shape, and modest size guarantee good sound and sight-lines.  Performers tell me it's got a great stage set-up.  There's also the "forum," a slightly smaller flex space cube, and a much smaller screening room.The programming comes from several sources but it's always innovative and relevant.  You might see a dance, jazz show, poetry reading, orchestra concert, perhaps a corporate event or a wine tasting.  It's all world class professional stuff, just , a little new or esoteric to fill the symphony hall.Plus a decent parking scene, public transportation, downtown / SOMA location, nearby bars and restaurants, and strolling around the gardens.  Whatever is playing, just turn off your computer and cell phone a couple hours and go.
Great space for galleries, exhibition and shows. Caught a dance performance and showcase with a few friends here a few years ago to support my good friend, MikeyDisko's SS crew. I enjoyed my visit here. I would come back.
This was the last museum that my sister and I visited for the Yerba Buena Free4All. It as cool to see how plants were alive based on special generators or techniques that didn't require soil. The most interesting exhibit was the BioTechnique. There were x-ray pictures of tree frogs with additional limbs or misfigured bodies. The bones of the tree frogs had a teal and maroon dye. Very cool.By the end of the day, I was so tired that I had to sit down and relax my feet. The museum was a decent size, but I wish there were more to exhibits to see.
Interesting property. Gardens are really pretty. Didn't see any butterflies in the butterfly garden though. Exhibits in the galleries were interesting. Audience as Subject 2 was cool. Wish I was around to see the "Great Directors Speak" presentation!
Buying my YBCA membership was the best decision I ever made. I'm a huge fan of modern and performing art, and this is one of the best places to get it! Recently went there for the BAN6 opening party, and had a great time. What could be better than music, art, and drinks?
I wish they'd find a new curator for the gallery because the space is really nice but the art usually isn't.Their performances and cinema however is consistently good and the programming is top notch.  Every dance event that i've been to has been excellent
Outstanding spot for a special event!A reception and sit down diner for 350-400 people?  No problem!  The staff are great to work with and the venue has a hip feel to it.  Accessible by public transportation and with a variety of hotels nearby, make this site easy to hold an event. The exhibits are always changing. Lots of variety here!
Came here for the first time a few weeks ago to see Smuin's "The Christmas Ballet". It was a beautiful show and all of the dancers were very talented. My date and I got lucky with our front row seats-yay leg room!-and the staff were very helpful when it came time to locate our seats. YBCA was easy to get to via public transit and very relaxing inside and outside. It was also smaller inside than I expected, which actually made it more intimate and enjoyable. All in all we had a great experience and will definitely be back for future events!
Bhangra lessons to shake my shoulders into a cramp on a Saturday night?Free entrance = beautiful music to my unemployed ears!I'm so there. And definitely coming back again for any other adventures in cultural enthusiasm.
